   IFRAME: [1]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [2]Skip to main content
     * [3]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [4]NPR logo
     *
     * [5]Newsletters
     *
     * [6]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [7]Home
     * [8]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [9]National
          + [10]World
          + [11]Politics
          + [12]Business
          + [13]Health
          + [14]Science
          + [15]Climate
          + [16]Race
     * [17]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [18]Books
          + [19]Movies
          + [20]Television
          + [21]Pop Culture
          + [22]Food
          + [23]Art & Design
          + [24]Performing Arts
          + [25]Life Kit
          + [26]Gaming
     * [27]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [28]All Songs Considered
          + [29]Tiny Desk
          + [30]New Music Friday
          + [31]Music Features
          + [32]Live Sessions
     * [33]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [34]Morning Edition
          + [35]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [36]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [37]All Things Considered
          + [38]Fresh Air
          + [39]Up First
       Featured
          + [40]Embedded
          + [41]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [42]Throughline
          + [43]Trump's Terms
          + [44]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [45]Search
     * [46]Newsletters
     *
     * [47]NPR Shop

     * [48]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [49]All Songs Considered
     * [50]Tiny Desk
     * [51]New Music Friday
     * [52]Music Features
     * [53]Live Sessions

     * [54]About NPR
     * [55]Diversity
     * [56]Support
     * [57]Careers
     * [58]Press
     * [59]Ethics

NPR Corrections

   NPR corrects significant errors in broadcast and online reports.
   Corrections of errors will be made in audio archives, written
   transcripts and on the website. To report an error, please use [60]our
   corrections form.

   See corrections from:
   [2025] [All Stories_____________] (Go) Go
     * [61]2004
     * [62]2005
     * [63]2006
     * [64]2007
     * [65]2008
     * [66]2009
     * [67]2010
     * [68]2011
     * [69]2012
     * [70]2013
     * [71]2014
     * [72]2015
     * [73]2016
     * [74]2017
     * [75]2018
     * [76]2019
     * [77]2020
     * [78]2021
     * [79]2022
     * [80]2023
     * [81]2024
     * [82]2025

[83]The price of what hit record highs this week? Find out in the quiz

Corrected on April 4, 2025

   While historical sources record Sen. Alfonse D’Amato's speech as 23
   hours and 30 minutes, the U.S. Senate Historical Office removed him
   from the list of longest speeches earlier this week. "Turns out D’Amato
   did not speak for 23 hours straight but had a long break when the
   Senate recessed in the early hours of the morning," wrote Daniel S.
   Holt, associate historian at the Senate Historical Office, in an email.
   Since this would not be known to the general public, we have left the
   correct answer as D'Amato.

[84]19 states sue over Trump's voting executive order, arguing it's
unconstitutional

Corrected on April 3, 2025

   An earlier version of the story incorrectly said in the headline and
   the body of the story that 18 states were suing the federal government.
   It is 19 states.

[85]Cultural groups across U.S. told that federal humanities grants are
terminated

Corrected on April 3, 2025

   An earlier version of this story said that state arts councils are
   affected by the cessation of funds. It is humanities councils that are
   affected.
   All Things Considered April 2, 2025

[86]5 takeaways from Tuesday's elections, including bad news for Elon Musk

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   A previous version of this story misspelled Wisconsin Democratic Party
   Chair Ben Wikler’s last name as Wickler.
   Morning Edition April 2, 2025

[87]Trump unveils sweeping 10% tariff and 'reciprocal' tariffs on dozens of
nations

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   The audio version of this story incorrectly says Mexico imposes 150%
   tariffs on imports of U.S. alcohol. It's India that imposes those
   tariffs. In addition, a previous version of this web story incorrectly
   said that a chart used by the White House in a briefing with reporters
   included Mexico as one of the countries that imposes steep tariffs on
   U.S. goods. The chart showed tariffs from Canada, the European Union,
   India, and Japan.
   Morning Edition April 2, 2025

[88]Morning news brief

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   This report incorrectly says Mexico imposes 150% tariffs on imports of
   U.S. alcohol. It's India that imposes those tariffs.

[89]'Daredevil: Born Again' delivers street level justice

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   An earlier version of this episode included a phrase that didn't meet
   NPR's editorial disability style guide.

[90]Thyme for some healing soup recipes from around the world

Corrected on April 3, 2025

   An ingredient was omitted from the Jamaican soup "ital sip" in the
   original post: a 13.5 ounce can of coconut milk. The recipe has been
   updated.

[91]Cory Booker breaks a 68-year-old Senate record with a 25-hour speech

Corrected on April 1, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly said Sen. Chris Coons
   represents New Hampshire. He represents Delaware.

[92]The woman who ran for president 50 years before she could vote

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   An earlier version of this story referred to Victoria and her sister's
   newspaper as "the first newspaper in the country run by women." It was
   the first weekly newspaper in the country run by women.

[93]Entire staff at federal agency that funds libraries and museums put on
leave

Corrected on April 1, 2025

   An earlier version of this story stated that employees of the IMLS were
   put on paid administrative leave for 90 days. The email they received
   states it is "up to" 90 days. Also, the story initially stated the
   Museum of Discovery and Science is in Orlando. It is in another part of
   Florida, Fort Lauderdale.
   All Things Considered March 31, 2025

[94]Nine home runs for the Yankees lead to questions about their new bats

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   This report incorrectly says that the New York Yankees tied a franchise
   record when they hit nine home runs during their March 29 game against
   the Milwaukee Brewers. They set a franchise record.

[95]Why would a musician join OnlyFans? Because making a living is only
getting harder

Corrected on March 31, 2025

   This piece was updated to include a statement from Live Nation on
   artists' pay.

[96]DOGE staffer who shared Treasury data now has more access to government
systems

Corrected on March 31, 2025

   An earlier version of this story mistakenly said Marko Elez was given
   read-only access to a Labor Department unemployment insurance database
   four days after Feb. 21. In fact, he was granted the access a few weeks
   later.
   Morning Edition March 31, 2025

[97]Beloved historic landmarks navigate an uncertain future after the LA
fires

Corrected on April 1, 2025

   An earlier photo caption incorrectly referred to Altadena as a Los
   Angeles neighborhood. It is an unincorporated area in Los Angeles
   County.

[98]Trump is 'not joking' about third term, though Constitution says he can't
serve

Corrected on April 1, 2025

   An earlier version of this story did not note that 3/4 of states must
   ratify any proposed amendment to the Constitution, after a
   congressional vote or state convention.
   Morning Edition March 30, 2025

[99]Nine home runs for the Yankees lead to questions about their new bats

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   The audio version of this story incorrectly says the New York Yankees
   tied a franchise record when they hit nine home runs during their March
   29 game against the Milwaukee Brewers. They set a franchise
   record.Previously posted March 31, 2025: A previous web version of this
   story incorrectly said that the New York Yankees tied a franchise
   record when they hit nine home runs during their March 29 game against
   the Milwaukee Brewers. They set a franchise record. The story also gave
   an incorrect batting order for the top of the Yankees' lineup. The
   first three runs for the Yankees came on first-inning home runs hit by
   Paul Goldschmidt, then Cody Bellinger, and, finally, Aaron Judge. In
   addition, the story incorrectly said the game was the first time that
   the Yankees had hit four home runs in a single inning. It was the first
   time that the Yankees had hit four home runs in the first inning of a
   game. Finally, the story incorrectly said New York’s Anthony Volpe hit
   a home run during the March 30 game against the Brewers. He hit a home
   run during the March 29 game.
   Weekend Edition Sunday March 30, 2025

[100]New bats help the New York Yankees set a franchise record of nine home
runs in a game

Corrected on April 2, 2025

   This report incorrectly says that the New York Yankees tied a franchise
   record when they hit nine home runs during their March 29 game against
   the Milwaukee Brewers. They set a franchise record.
   Weekend Edition Saturday March 29, 2025

[101]Artists descend on Idaho's Treefort Music Fest

Corrected on March 31, 2025

   In this report, as in a previous headline and summary, we misstate the
   name of the Treefort Music Fest as the Treefort Music Festival.

[102]U.S. revokes hundreds of visas to repress student activism. And, HHS
cuts jobs

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   An earlier photo caption incorrectly said the Israeli strike that
   killed dozens of Mohammed Nabil Abu Naser’s relatives took place in
   October 2025. It occurred in October 2024.

[103]U.S. sees large rise in border seizures of eggs, while fentanyl rate
falls

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly indicated that there were
   about 84,000 drug overdose deaths in October 2024 and about 114,000 in
   August 2023. Those figures were for the 12-month periods that ended in
   October 2024 and August 2023, respectively.

[104]What's missing from NPR's coverage of antisemitism?

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   The Jewish Council for Public Affairs is a non-partisan organization.
   An earlier version described the Council as progressive.
   All Things Considered March 27, 2025

[105]'Việt and Nam' is a film about love, exile and the memory of war

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   Because of a transcription error, an earlier version of this story gave
   the incorrect age for a woman whom director Trương Minh Quý said
   thanked him for making the film Việt and Nam. Trương said she was 70
   years old, not 72 years old.

[106]John Green cherishes life by writing about death

Corrected on March 27, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said that tuberculosis was
   a virus. In fact, it is a bacterial disease.

[107]John Green still has hope

Corrected on March 27, 2025

   A previous version of this episode incorrectly said that tuberculosis
   was a virus. In fact, it is a bacterial disease.

[108]As Bangladesh gears up for election, a new political player emerges

Corrected on March 27, 2025

   In a previous version of this story, Shadik Kayem's name was misspelled
   as Sadek Kayen.
   Fresh Air March 26, 2025

[109]In 'The Studio,' Seth Rogen offers a hilarious take on Hollywood
filmmaking

Corrected on March 31, 2025

   Both the audio version of this story and the transcript incorrectly
   state that James Franco appears in The Studio. In fact, the actor's
   name is Dave Franco.
   All Things Considered March 26, 2025

[110]Trump cuts threaten a measurement lab critical for advanced chips and
medical devices

Corrected on March 26, 2025

   An earlier version of this web story incorrectly said that the Atomic
   Research Group's database is cited by research papers two times per
   month. It is cited two times per day.

[111]Parts of America will experience a partial solar eclipse this weekend

Corrected on March 26, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said that on Aug. 12,
   2026, a total solar eclipse will be visible in parts of North America.
   Some parts of the Northern Hemisphere will experience a total eclipse
   that day, but parts of North America will see a partial eclipse.
   All Things Considered March 25, 2025

[112]Republican lawmakers seek to put PBS and NPR in the hot seat

Corrected on March 26, 2025

   In a previous version of this story, Mike Gonzalez of the Heritage
   Foundation's name was misspelled in 3 references.

[113]5 things to know as Dr. Oz prepares to lead Medicare and Medicaid

Corrected on March 25, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said House Republicans
   want the committee that oversees the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid
   Services to find $880 million in cuts. They want $880 billion in cuts.

[114]Days after the Signal leak, the Pentagon warned the app was the target
of hackers

Corrected on March 25, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified the accidental
   release of classified data over insecure channels as “slippage” when
   the incident is minor. The correct term is “spillage,” and the term
   applies regardless of severity.An earlier version also incorrectly said
   a recent Pentagon memo about Signal went out before the leak to a
   reporter in a chat about bombing Houthi sites in Yemen. The memo was
   distributed days after that leak.

[115]War Plans Group Chat, Alien Enemies Act, U.S. Greenland Visit

Corrected on March 25, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly characterized Signal as a
   commercial organization. It is a non-profit.

[116]Lindsey Vonn sets a record straight out of retirement

Corrected on March 25, 2025

   An earlier version of this article misspelled Lindsey Vonn's first
   name.
   Morning Edition March 24, 2025

[117]Former head of Social Security says Elon Musk and DOGE are wrong about
the agency

Corrected on March 24, 2025

   An earlier version of this story referred to the Department of
   Government Efficiency as the Department of Governmental Efficiency.
   Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me! March 22, 2025

[118]'Wait Wait' for March 22, 2025: Live in Orlando with Moe Wagner!

Corrected on March 27, 2025

   In a previous version of this rundown, astronaut Suni Williams' name
   was misspelled.

[119]A VA rescue effort saved 15,000 veterans' homes. Some in Congress want
to scrap it

Corrected on March 23, 2025

   In a previous version of this story, Kevin Conlon’s name was misspelled
   as Conlin in one instance.
   Weekend Edition Sunday March 22, 2025

[120]The Social Security Administration's many proposed changes are worrying
advocates

Corrected on March 24, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misspelled Michael Astrue's last name
   in one instance.

[121]What we know about the case of detained Georgetown professor Badar Khan
Suri

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   A previous version of this story said scholars and professors had been
   deported for their support of Palestinians. The Trump administration
   has attempted to deport them, but there is no record of any being
   deported.

[122]School Funding, Venezuelan Deportation Hearing, Key Bridge Inspection

Corrected on March 24, 2025

   This report incorrectly says that the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in Maryland
   is 17.6 miles long and is the fourth-longest bridge in the United
   States. It is approximately 4.3 miles long.
   Morning Edition March 21, 2025

[123]Morning news brief

Corrected on March 21, 2025

   This report incorrectly says that the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in Maryland
   is 17.6 miles long and is the fourth-longest bridge in the United
   States. It is approximately 4.3 miles long.
   Morning Edition March 21, 2025

[124]NTSB says Maryland officials did not assess Key Bridge risks before
collapse

Corrected on March 21, 2025

   This report incorrectly says that the Chesapeake Bay Bridge in Maryland
   is 17.6 miles long and is the fourth-longest bridge in the United
   States. It is approximately 4.3 miles long.
   All Things Considered March 20, 2025

[125]Report: (Smaller) Museums should make admission free

Corrected on March 21, 2025

   In an earlier version of this story, the San Francisco Museum of Modern
   Art was incorrectly referred to as the San Francisco Museum of Art.

[126]Sen. Bennet on Dem leaders: 'It's important for people to know when it's
time to go'

Corrected on March 22, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misspelled the first name of Jaxon
   Armenta as Jackson.
   All Things Considered March 19, 2025

[127]'Courage the Cowardly Dog' head writer David Steven Cohen dies at 66

Corrected on March 20, 2025

   In this story, as in a previous headline, we incorrectly say that David
   Steven Cohen was 58 years old when he died. He was 66.

[128]These scientists are building a cat database to understand why they act
like that

Corrected on March 20, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Darwin's Ark
   is requesting a $15 donation to help fund research costs. In fact, the
   requested amount is $150.

[129]Mahmoud Khalil's immigration case moves to New Jersey from New York

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly said that Mahmoud Khalil's
   wife is 8 weeks pregnant. She is 8 months pregnant.

[130]Told one minute at a time, micro dramas are soap operas designed to fit
in your hand

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   An earlier photo caption incorrectly referred to Daniela Couso as Liana
   Chau.

[131]5 ways the pandemic changed us for good, for bad and forever

Corrected on March 20, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly referred to Dr. Kurt
   Papenfus as Keefe Memorial Hospital's CEO. He is the medical director
   and chief of staff.

[132]Musk, DOGE violated Constitution, judge says. And, when egg prices might
drop

Corrected on March 20, 2025

   An earlier version of this page linked to the incorrect audio.

[133]Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty sues Trump administration over canceled
contract

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   An earlier version of this article incorrectly ascribed a statement
   celebrating the gutting of U.S.-backed international broadcasters to a
   Kremlin spokesperson. The remark that it was “a dog’s death for a dog”
   was made by an unnamed former Kremlin official, according to a report
   in the Moscow Times.
   All Things Considered March 18, 2025

[134]Researchers fear grants for studies on health disparities may be cut in
anti-DEI push

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   In an earlier version of this report, Electra Paskett's name was
   pronounced incorrectly.

[135]Kremlin says it will halt strikes on Ukraine energy sector after Trump
and Putin talk

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   This story has been updated to clarify that a monument in front of the
   U.S. embassy in Moscow was briefly removed for cleaning.
   Morning Edition March 17, 2025

[136]How the music industry has changed in the first quarter of this century

Corrected on March 21, 2025

   In this report, we incorrectly say that the Hatsune Miku voice
   synthesizer is "entirely AI-generated." A version of the software that
   powers the "vocaloid" singer Hatsune Miku that will employ AI has been
   announced, but the song excerpted in this story was created with an
   earlier version.

[137]U.S. deports hundreds of Venezuelans to El Salvador, despite court order

Corrected on March 16, 2025

   This story has been updated to include a fuller description of the
   origins of MS-13.

[138]Forget about rare earth minerals. We need more copper

Corrected on March 16, 2025

   A previous version of this story misspelled Thomas Instrumentation CEO
   Cassandra Cummings' last name.

[139]Federal judge blocks Trump's plan to target 'alien enemies' for
deportation

Corrected on March 16, 2025

   This story has been updated to include a fuller description of the
   origins of MS-13.

[140]Why there's always room for dessert, according to brain science

Corrected on March 15, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated the brand name for
   naltrexone bupropion as Cerave. It is Contrave. An earlier version of
   this story also misspelled Jerry Seinfeld's last name as Sienfeld.
   All Things Considered March 15, 2025

[141]HUD choked funding to enforce fair-housing laws. Legal aid groups may
not survive

Corrected on March 15, 2025

   This story has been updated to note that the Massachusetts Fair Housing
   Center, not Executive Director Maureen St. Cyr, is a plaintiff in a
   lawsuit against HUD, and that the center started a program to help
   voucher holders before St. Cyr joined.

[142]Arlington National Cemetery stops highlighting some historical figures
on its website

Corrected on March 15, 2025

   A previous version incorrectly said that the story was first reported
   by The Washington Post. In fact, it was first reported by Civil War
   historian Kevin M. Levin on his Substack newsletter and by Task &
   Purpose, a publication focused on military news. And the name of the
   6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion was misstated as the 8666
   Postal Corps.

[143]How Tupperware took over our homes, with Decoder Ring

Corrected on March 19, 2025

   A previous version of this page misspelled Olivia Briley's last name as
   Bryly, Merritt Jacob's first name as Merrick and Max Freedman's last
   name as Friedman.

[144]More Norwegian ski jumpers have been suspended due to a major cheating
scandal

Corrected on March 15, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misstated the abbreviation for the
   International Ski and Snowboard Federation, FIS, as IFS.

[145]A U.S. influencer outrages Australians by snatching a baby wombat from
its mom

Corrected on March 14, 2025

   This story has been updated to reflect that Sam Jones is the name the
   influencer posts under on Instagram, not necessarily her legal name.
   Morning Edition March 14, 2025

[146]North Dakota went big for Trump. Now many farmers say they face an
uncertain future

Corrected on March 14, 2025

   In the audio of this story, as in a previous web version, we
   incorrectly say that the North Dakota Soybean Processors plant exports
   its feed to China.
   Morning Edition March 14, 2025

[147]Iranian officials talk nuclear program with Chinese and Russian
counterparts

Corrected on March 15, 2025

   An earlier photo caption misspelled Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi's
   name as Wag Yi and Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Kazem Gharibabadi's
   name as Kazeem Gharibabadi.

[148]John Feinstein, sports writer and author of 'A Season on the Brink,'
dies at 69

Corrected on March 14, 2025

   In an earlier version of this story published March 13, The Associated
   Press misspelled the first name of one of John Feinstein's children. It
   is Jane, not Jayne.
   All Things Considered March 13, 2025

[149]Five years since COVID, Louisiana's readers are thriving. This is their
secret.

Corrected on March 17, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said Kathy Noel worked in
   Jefferson Parish before working for Natchitoches Parish school
   district. She previously worked in DeSoto Parish.

[150]When music provokes utter silence

Corrected on March 14, 2025

   A previous version of this piece misidentified the artist Ira Kaplan as
   Ira Levin in a photo caption.
   All Things Considered March 12, 2025

[151]Tesla is losing favor among Democrats. But do pro-Musk Republicans want
to buy EVs?

Corrected on March 13, 2025

   In this report, we incorrectly refer to the company Strategic Vision as
   Strategic Insights.

[152]How is sex determined? Scientists say it's complicated

Corrected on March 18, 2025

   This story has been revised to clarify that while there are documented
   examples of people who produce sperm and viable eggs, there are no
   documented examples of people who produce both viable eggs and viable
   sperm.

[153]Ex-Philippine leader Duterte was 'forcibly taken' to The Hague, his
daughter says

Corrected on March 11, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misspelled the Philippine city of
   Manila as Manilla.

[154]Arrest of pro-Palestinian protester shows escalation in Trump
deportation efforts

Corrected on March 10, 2025

   An earlier version of this story mistakenly said that The New York
   Times reported toward the end of President Trump's first term that
   about 40% of the 228 denaturalization cases the Justice Department had
   ever filed were brought during Trump's four years in office. In fact,
   the 228 cases were those that had been filed since 2008, according to
   the Times.
   Morning Edition March 10, 2025

[155]Deadliest phase of fentanyl crisis eases, as all states see recovery

Corrected on March 28, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly indicated that there were
   about 114,000 drug overdose deaths in August 2023 and about 87,000 in
   September 2024. Those figures were for the 12-month periods that ended
   in August 2023 and September 2024, respectively.Previously posted March
   10, 2025: A previous version of this story misstated the last name of
   photographer Pearson Ripley as Ridley.

[156]Playwright Athol Fugard, who chronicled apartheid and its aftermath,
dies at 92

Corrected on March 10, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misspelled the city Cape Town as Cape
   Twon.
   All Things Considered March 9, 2025

[157]Furniture maker Tom Moser dies at 90

Corrected on March 13, 2025

   In this report, we incorrectly say that Rosanne Somerson co-founded the
   Rhode Island School of Design. In fact, she co-founded the Department
   of Furniture Design.
   Weekend Edition Sunday March 8, 2025

[158]Dairy farmers in Wisconsin see federal funding unfrozen as others are
left waiting

Corrected on March 9, 2025

   A previous version of this story misspelled one instance of Tammy
   Fritsch’s name.
   Morning Edition March 8, 2025

[159]DOGE's effort to slash government is now coming for buildings and people
who run them

Corrected on March 8, 2025

   A prior version of the chart and map in this story erroneously listed
   the Indian Health Service as being part of the Interior Department. It
   is in fact part of the Department of Health and Human Services.
   All Things Considered March 7, 2025

[160]TOKiMONSTA's new album is a 'love letter' to close friend Regina Biondo

Corrected on March 7, 2025

   A previous version of this story stated that Eternal Reverie is
   TOKiMONSTA's seventh full-length album. She has released five
   full-length albums and a few mini-albums.

[161]The short history of Trump's tariff chaos — and more that happened this
week

Corrected on March 7, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly referred to the General
   Services Administration as the Government Services Administration.

[162]Arts groups sue NEA for new 'gender ideology'-related grant restrictions

Corrected on March 7, 2025

   This story has been updated to include the disclosure that NPR is a
   recipient of grant money from the NEA.

[163]California man charged after Lego larceny worth $25,000

Corrected on March 6, 2025

   An earlier version of this story mistakenly said Fletcher is from
   Vallejo County, Calif. He is from Vallejo, Calif.

[164]South Korean fighter jets drop bombs in the wrong place, injuring 8
people

Corrected on March 6, 2025

   An earlier headline on this story misstated the nationality of the
   people who were injured. In fact, they are not all South Korean —
   officials reported that one is from Myanmar and one is from Thailand.

[165]A second federal judge has ruled to block the Trump administration's
spending freeze

Corrected on March 7, 2025

   An earlier version of this story mischaracterized a Supreme Court
   ruling in a case involving payments for foreign aid as a victory for
   the administration. The justices upheld a lower court decision forcing
   the government to pay contractors.

[166]Automakers granted relief from tariffs. And, fired USDA workers return
to work

Corrected on March 7, 2025

   A previous version of this newsletter incorrectly said that nearly
   6,000 fired U.S. Department of Agriculture employees were returning to
   work on March 6 in response to an order from the Merit Systems
   Protection Board. In fact, while the MSPB ordered workers reinstated on
   March 5, many workers had not been informed that they could return to
   work as of March 6. The newsletter also incorrectly said that all the
   employees were fired on Feb. 13. They have been fired since Feb. 13.

[167]We the People: Succession of Power

Corrected on March 14, 2025

   In a previous version of this episode we incorrectly said that John F.
   Kennedy was the youngest president in US history. Kennedy at 43 was the
   youngest person to be elected president but Theodore Roosevelt, who
   took office at age 42 after William McKinley was assassinated, was the
   youngest person to serve as US president.

[168]What to know about Lesotho, the country Trump said 'nobody has ever
heard of'

Corrected on March 8, 2025

   A previous version of the map mislabeled Zimbabwe as Zambia.

[169]Trump grants automakers temporary relief from tariffs

Corrected on March 5, 2025

   An earlier version of this story said incorrectly that temporary tariff
   relief had been granted only to Ford, General Motors and Stellantis.
   Any automaker that meets the North American content requirements of the
   USMCA will receive the temporary tariff relief.

[170]What Trump Said Last Night, Trump On Immigration, China Tariff
Confidence

Corrected on March 5, 2025

   In today's Up First, Tom Homan was incorrectly referred to as the
   homeland security czar. Homan is the Trump administration's border
   czar.

[171]Starting with Rep. Al Green, Democrats protest against Trump's speech to
Congress

Corrected on March 5, 2025

   A previous version of the photo caption misspelled Rep. Al Green's last
   name as Greene.

[172]American businesses reel as Trump tariffs start to bite

Corrected on March 4, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misspelled Neil Bradley's last name as
   Bradly.
   Morning Edition March 4, 2025

[173]Why an acting voice coach isn't angry about Adrien Brody's AI-assisted
Oscar win

Corrected on March 4, 2025

   An earlier version of this web story incorrectly stated that Adrien
   Brody and Felicity Huffman worked with a dialect coach to improve their
   accents. Adrien Brody did, but the actress was Felicity Jones, not
   Felicity Huffman.
   Morning Edition March 3, 2025

[174]New York Gov. Kathy Hochul is ready to 'fight back hard' against Trump's
demands

Corrected on March 3, 2025

   An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that Hochul
   discussed New York City Mayor Eric Adams during this interview.

[175]2025 Oscars: See the red carpet looks

Corrected on March 3, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misidentified Jeremy Pope as Archie
   Coleman. Archie is Pope's character on the 2020 miniseries Hollywood.
   Weekend Edition Sunday March 2, 2025

[176]Oil companies double down on fossil fuels after years touting their
shift to green energy

Corrected on March 2, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misidentified Shell as an American
   company. It is based in the U.K.

[177]DOGE's savings page fixed old mistakes — and added new ones

Corrected on March 3, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said “DOGE's claims of
   savings amount to less than 1% of what the federal government spent in
   the last fiscal year, and dwarfs the proposed $2 trillion in spending
   cuts in the GOP-led House framework approved Tuesday night — or the
   proposed $4 trillion increase to the nation’s debt limit. In fact, the
   claims of savings by DOGE are much smaller than the proposed cuts and
   the increase in the debt limit.

[178]Zelenskyy leaves the White House early after Trump meeting gets heated

Corrected on February 28, 2025

   An earlier headline incorrectly said President Trump called Ukrainian
   President Volodymyr Zelenskyy "ungrateful." Trump said Zelenskyy was
   "not acting at all thankful."

[179]Westside Gunn isn't too good to be true

Corrected on March 6, 2025

   A previous version of this story incorrectly said Westside Gunn’s
   mixtape Flygod Is an Awesome God 2 came out in 2019. It was released in
   2020.
   Morning Edition February 28, 2025

[180]Why some EV buyers are getting their tax returns rejected this year

Corrected on February 28, 2025

   The photo for this story was updated to show vehicle models eligible
   for the federal tax credit in 2024.
   Fresh Air February 27, 2025

[181]'Fresh Air' remembers Oscar-winning actor Gene Hackman

Corrected on February 28, 2025

   The audio version of this story states that Gene Hackman and his wife
   died on Wed., Feb. 26. Although they were found dead on Wednesday,
   authorities now suspect that they died days or maybe weeks earlier.

[182]Gene Hackman, who thrived playing the tough guy, dies at 95

Corrected on March 4, 2025

   An earlier version of this story misstated the relationship between two
   of the characters in the film The Royal Tenenbaums. Luke Wilson played
   Gene Hackman’s son, not his adopted son.

Read & Listen

     * [183]Home
     * [184]News
     * [185]Culture
     * [186]Music
     * [187]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [188]Newsletters
     * [189]Facebook
     * [190]Instagram
     * [191]Press
     * [192]Public Editor
     * [193]Corrections
     * [194]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [195]Overview
     * [196]Diversity
     * [197]NPR Network
     * [198]Accessibility
     * [199]Ethics
     * [200]Finances

Get Involved

     * [201]Support Public Radio
     * [202]Sponsor NPR
     * [203]NPR Careers
     * [204]NPR Shop
     * [205]NPR Events
     * [206]NPR Extra

     * [207]Terms of Use
     * [208]Privacy
     * [209]Your Privacy Choices
     * [210]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [211]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   2. https://www.npr.org/corrections/#mainContent
   3. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   4. https://www.npr.org/
   5. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   6. https://shopnpr.org/
   7. https://www.npr.org/
   8. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
   9. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  18. https://www.npr.org/books/
  19. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  20. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  25. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  26. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  27. https://www.npr.org/music/
  28. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  29. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  30. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  31. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  32. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  33. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  34. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  35. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  39. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  40. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  45. https://www.npr.org/search/
  46. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  47. https://shopnpr.org/
  48. https://www.npr.org/music/
  49. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  50. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  51. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  52. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  53. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  54. https://www.npr.org/about/
  55. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  56. https://www.npr.org/support/
  57. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  58. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  59. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  60. https://help.npr.org/customer/portal/emails/new?i=4
  61. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2004
  62. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2005
  63. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2006
  64. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2007
  65. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2008
  66. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2009
  67. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2010
  68. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2011
  69. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2012
  70. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2013
  71. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2014
  72. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2015
  73. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2016
  74. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2017
  75. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2018
  76. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2019
  77. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2020
  78. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2021
  79. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2022
  80. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2023
  81. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2024
  82. https://www.npr.org/corrections/?year=2025
  83. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-57835/trump-booker-musk-wisconsin-nfl-torpedo-bat-tariff
  84. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351751/voting-executive-order-lawsuit
  85. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5350994/neh-grants-cut-humanities-doge-trump
  86. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5349345/elections-wisconsin-florida-trump-musk-takeaways
  87. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5345802/trump-tariffs-liberation-day
  88. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5344954/morning-news-brief
  89. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/1242229727/daredevil-born-again-delivers-street-level-justice
  90. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-55999/recipes-soup-comfort-healing-remedy
  91. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5347318/cory-booker-senate-speech
  92. https://www.npr.org/sections/the-picture-show/2025/03/31/g-s1-57284/the-woman-who-ran-for-president-50-years-before-she-could-vote
  93. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5334415/doge-institute-of-museum-and-library-services
  94. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5344998-e1/nine-home-runs-for-the-yankees-lead-to-questions-about-their-new-bats
  95. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/g-s1-57321/only-fans-musicians-kate-nash-lizzie-no
  96. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5345708/doge-data-access-labor-cfpb-hhs
  97. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5336326/la-fires-historic-landmarks-preservation-gamble-house-zane-grey-estate
  98. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/g-s1-57231/trump-third-term
  99. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5344998/new-bats-yankees-record-breaking-home-runs
 100. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5344940/new-bats-help-the-new-york-yankees-set-a-franchise-record-of-nine-home-runs-in-a-game
 101. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5341547/artists-descend-on-idahos-treefort-music-fest
 102. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/28/g-s1-56863/up-first-newsletter-visas-student-activism-health-human-services-job-cuts
 103. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5342554/eggs-border-seizures-fentanyl
 104. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-public-editor/2025/03/27/g-s1-56495/whats-missing-from-nprs-coverage-of-antisemitism
 105. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5309796/film-viet-and-nam-interview-truong-minh-quy
 106. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5341527/author-john-green-interview-tuberculosis
 107. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/1244131628/author-john-green-interview-tuberculosis-the-fault-in-our-stars
 108. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/g-s1-55611/bangladesh-student-activists-sheikh-hasina-nahid-islam
 109. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/nx-s1-5341375/the-studio-review
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/nx-s1-5340687/trump-cuts-nist-atomic-spectra-lab-advanced-chips-medical-devices
 111. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/nx-s1-5340098/partial-solar-eclipse-march
 112. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5340686/pbs-npr-congress-hearing-marjorie-taylor-greene
 113. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55766/dr-mehmet-oz-medicare-medicaid-cms-trump
 114. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5339801/pentagon-email-signal-vulnerability
 115. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/1240671760/up-first-war-plans-group-chat-deportations-second-lady-greenland-03-25-2025
 116. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/24/nx-s1-5338753/lindsey-vonn-sets-a-record-straight-out-of-retirement
 117. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/24/nx-s1-5337999/elon-musk-doge-social-security-cuts
 118. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/22/g-s1-55072/wait-wait-for-march-22-2025-live-in-orlando-with-moe-wagner
 119. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/22/nx-s1-5335611/veterans-va-home-loan-mortgage
 120. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/22/nx-s1-5320263/social-security-administration-changes-identity-office
 121. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5336173/immigration-georgetown-university-professor
 122. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/1239865414/up-first-school-funding-venezuelan-deportation-baltimore-bridge-03-21-2025
 123. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5330382/morning-news-brief
 124. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5335617/ntsb-says-maryland-officials-did-not-assess-key-bridge-risks-before-collapse
 125. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5328747/museums-free-admission-report
 126. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/g-s1-54852/colorado-senator-michael-bennet-town-hall-schumer
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5333316/courage-the-cowardly-dog-head-writer-david-steven-cohen-dies-at-66
 128. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5333270/these-scientists-are-building-a-cat-database-to-understand-why-they-act-like-that
 129. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/g-s1-54663/columbia-mahmoud-khalil-new-jersey
 130. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5330470/micro-drama-soap-opera-app
 131. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5332116/pandemic-covid-5-year-anniversary-vaccines-dogs-brain-fog
 132. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/g-s1-54659/up-first-newsletter-usaid-doge-constitution-ukraine-russia-ceasefire
 133. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/nx-s1-5332379/rfe-rl-sues-trump-usagm-kari-lake
 134. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/nx-s1-5299853/researchers-fear-grants-for-studies-on-health-disparities-may-be-cut-in-anti-dei-push
 135. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/nx-s1-5331887/trump-putin-ukraine-call
 136. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5252583/how-the-music-industry-has-changed-in-the-first-quarter-of-this-century
 137. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/16/g-s1-54154/alien-enemies-el-salvador-trump
 138. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/16/nx-s1-5327095/copper-rare-earth-minerals-mining-electronics
 139. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/15/nx-s1-5246028/trump-alien-enemies-act-tren-de-aragua-deportation
 140. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/15/nx-s1-5328768/sugar-brain-cravings-dessert
 141. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/15/nx-s1-5325936/hud-funding-fair-housing-laws-legal-aid-groups-scott-turner
 142. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/g-s1-54054/arlington-national-cemetery-dei-website
 143. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/1238535892/decoder-ring-tupperware-plastic-storage
 144. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/g-s1-53854/more-norwegian-ski-jumpers-have-been-suspended-due-to-a-major-cheating-scandal
 145. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/nx-s1-5328109/australian-wombat-sam-jones-influencer
 146. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/nx-s1-5320335/north-dakota-went-big-for-trump-now-many-farmers-say-they-face-an-uncertain-future
 147. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/nx-s1-5327615/iran-china-russia-nuclear-talks
 148. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/g-s1-53748/john-feinstein-dead-obituary
 149. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/nx-s1-5304415/louisiana-reading
 150. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/g-s1-53500/silence-musical-performances
 151. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5305055/tesla-is-losing-favor-among-democrats-but-do-pro-musk-republicans-want-to-buy-evs
 152. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/1237991522/male-female-sex-science-human-biology
 153. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/11/g-s1-53104/philippines-rodrigo-duterte-arrested-icc
 154. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/10/nx-s1-5323166/arrest-green-card-palestinian-protest
 155. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/07/nx-s1-5295618/fentanyl-overdose-drugs
 156. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/10/1112732151/playwright-athol-fugard-who-chronicled-apartheid-and-its-aftermath-dies-at-92
 157. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/09/nx-s1-5321408/furniture-maker-tom-moser-dies-at-90
 158. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/08/nx-s1-5319085/wisconsin-dairy-farmers-usda-federal-funding-rollins-trump-doge
 159. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/08/nx-s1-5321323/trump-doge-gsa-federal-buildings
 160. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/07/nx-s1-5266174/tokimonsta-eternal-reverie
 161. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/07/nx-s1-5320159/trump-week-tariffs-mexico-canada-doge
 162. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5320245/lawsuit-nea-gender-ideology-restrictions-trump-executive-order
 163. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5320000/legos-theft-california
 164. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/g-s1-52365/south-korea-pocheon-accidental-bombing-fighter-jets-us-exercises
 165. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5312069/trump-federal-funding-freeze-court-order
 166. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/g-s1-52336/up-first-newsletter-big-3-automakers-trump-tariffs-fired-usda-workers
 167. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/1236242665/wethepeople-succession-of-power
 168. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/05/nx-s1-5318757/lesotho-africa-trump
 169. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/05/nx-s1-5319094/trump-tariffs-relief-ford-gm-stellantis
 170. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/05/1235939370/up-first-trump-speech-immigration-china-03-05-2025
 171. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5318102/trump-joint-session-al-green-protest
 172. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5316843/trump-tariffs-canada-mexico-us
 173. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5316352/adrien-brody-best-actor-oscar-artificial-intelligence
 174. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5311687/kathy-hochul-trump-resistance-congestion-pricing
 175. https://www.npr.org/sections/the-picture-show/2025/03/02/nx-s1-5307225/oscars-2025-red-carpet-outfits
 176. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/02/nx-s1-5312031/oil-companies-double-down-on-fossil-fuels-after-years-touting-their-shift-to-green-energy
 177. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/01/nx-s1-5313853/doge-savings-receipts-musk-trump
 178. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/28/nx-s1-5313079/trump-zelenskyy-meeting
 179. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/28/nx-s1-5308241/westside-gunn-rap-authenticity-social-media
 180. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/28/nx-s1-5301005/ev-tax-credit-returns-denied
 181. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5311906/fresh-air-remembers-oscar-winning-actor-gene-hackman
 182. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/711970232/gene-hackman-who-thrived-playing-the-tough-guy-dies-at-95
 183. https://www.npr.org/
 184. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 185. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 186. https://www.npr.org/music/
 187. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 188. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 189. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 190. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 191. https://www.npr.org/press/
 192. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 193. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 194. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 195. https://www.npr.org/about/
 196. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 197. https://www.npr.org/network/
 198. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 199. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 200. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 201. https://www.npr.org/support/
 202. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 203. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 204. https://shopnpr.org/
 205. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 206. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 207. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 208. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 209. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 210. https://text.npr.org/
 211. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
