   #[1]Health [2]Shots - Health News

   IFRAME: [3]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [4]Skip to main content
     * [5]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [6]NPR logo
     *
     * [7]Newsletters
     *
     * [8]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [9]Home
     * [10]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [11]National
          + [12]World
          + [13]Politics
          + [14]Business
          + [15]Health
          + [16]Science
          + [17]Climate
          + [18]Race
     * [19]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [20]Books
          + [21]Movies
          + [22]Television
          + [23]Pop Culture
          + [24]Food
          + [25]Art & Design
          + [26]Performing Arts
          + [27]Life Kit
          + [28]Gaming
     * [29]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [30]All Songs Considered
          + [31]Tiny Desk
          + [32]New Music Friday
          + [33]Music Features
          + [34]Live Sessions
     * [35]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [36]Morning Edition
          + [37]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [38]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [39]All Things Considered
          + [40]Fresh Air
          + [41]Up First
       Featured
          + [42]Embedded
          + [43]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [44]Throughline
          + [45]Trump's Terms
          + [46]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [47]Search
     * [48]Newsletters
     *
     * [49]NPR Shop

     * [50]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [51]All Songs Considered
     * [52]Tiny Desk
     * [53]New Music Friday
     * [54]Music Features
     * [55]Live Sessions

     * [56]About NPR
     * [57]Diversity
     * [58]Support
     * [59]Careers
     * [60]Press
     * [61]Ethics

   Shots - Health News NPR's online health program.

   Shots - Health News

Shots

   Health News From NPR
   (BUTTON)
     * [62]Your Health
     * [63]Treatments & Tests
     * [64]Health Inc.
     * [65]Policy-ish
     * [66]Public Health

     * [67]Twitter

     * [68]Subscribe to Health Newsletter

   [69]Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills
   for 20 million people.

   Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills for
   20 million people. DNY59/Getty Images/E+ hide caption
   toggle caption
   DNY59/Getty Images/E+

[70]Health Inc.

[71]Major deal wipes out $30 billion in medical debt. Even backers say it's
not enough

   by [72] Noam Levey

   [73]April 4, 2025  Undue Medical Debt is retiring unpaid medical bills
   for 20 million people. The debt trading company that owned them is
   leaving the market.

Major deal wipes out $30 billion in medical debt. Even backers say it’s not
enough

   [74]Listen · 2:53 2:53
   [75]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [76]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5349500/nx-s1-5411930-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [77]Transcript

   [78]The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as
   well as staffing cuts.

   The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as well
   as staffing cuts. Alex Brandon/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Alex Brandon/AP

[79]Shots - Health News

[80]On top of layoffs, HHS ordered to cut 35% of spending on contracts

   by [81] Rob Stein , [82] Sydney Lupkin , [83] Yuki Noguchi , [84]
   Carmel Wroth

   [85]April 3, 2025  Federal health agencies have to slash their
   spending on contracts by more than a third, on top of the 10,000-person
   staffing cuts which started this week.

   [86]Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during the
   inauguration ceremony on the steps of the Alabama State Capital in
   Montgomery on Jan. 16, 2023 . A federal judge ruled that Marshall's
   office cannot prosecute groups or individuals that assist Alabama
   residents seeking abortions in other states.

   Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during inauguration
   ceremonies on the steps of the state capitol in Montgomery, Ala. on
   Jan. 16, 2023. Butch Dill/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Butch Dill/AP

[87]Policy-ish

[88]Judge rules Alabama can't prosecute groups helping patients get abortions
elsewhere

Gulf States Newsroom

   by [89] Drew Hawkins

   [90]April 3, 2025  Although most abortions remain illegal in Alabama,
   the decision allows doctors and advocacy groups to tell patients about
   abortion options in other states, and help with travel and other costs

Judge says Alabama can’t prosecute those who help people get abortions in
other states

   [91]Listen · 4:04 4:04
   [92]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [93]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5351033/nx-s1-5409764-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [94]Transcript

   [95]Sugary drinks including so

   Sugary drinks including soda are the leading source of added sugars in
   the American diet. RapidEye/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   RapidEye/Getty Images

[96]Shots - Health News

[97]RFK Jr. wants to stop people using SNAP benefits to buy soda. Will it
help?

   by [98] Katia Riddle

   [99]April 3, 2025  Nutritionists agree reducing the amount of sugar
   people consume would be good for the Nation's health. But the plan to
   block people from using food assistance to buy soda is getting mixed
   reviews.

Will restricting SNAP benefits stop people from drinking soda?

   [100]Listen · 4:06 4:06
   [101]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [102]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5349657/nx-s1-5410060-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [103]Transcript

   [104]Misinformation about fentanyl exposure threatens to undermine
   overdose response
   Douglas Sacha/Getty Images/Moment RF

[105]Public Health

[106]Misinformation about fentanyl exposure threatens to undermine overdose
response

   by [107] Henry Larweh

   [108]April 3, 2025  Fentanyl overdoses occur from ingesting the
   synthetic opioid. But popular culture has misrepresented the risks to
   first responders.

   [109]Among the thousands of layoffs at the U.S. Department of Health
   and Human Services this week were many staff who handled public records
   requests under the Freedom of Information Act.

   Among the thousands of layoffs at the U.S. Department of Health and
   Human Services this week were many staff who handled public records
   requests under the Freedom of Information Act. Kayla Bartkowski/Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[110]Shots - Health News

[111]After promising transparency, RFK guts public records teams at HHS

   by [112] Sydney Lupkin

   [113]April 3, 2025  Despite promises for "radical transparency,"
   Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. laid off many
   staff on teams that fulfill public records requests at health agencies.

   [114]New tests of blood and spinal fluid could help doctors quickly
   identify patients who would most benefit from treatment.

   New tests of blood and spinal fluid could help doctors quickly identify
   patients who would most benefit from treatment. Andrew Brookes/Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Brookes/Getty Images

[115]Your Health

[116]Latest Alzheimer's lab tests focus on memory loss, not brain plaques

   by [117] Jon Hamilton

   [118]April 2, 2025  New tests of blood and spinal fluid can identify
   people experiencing memory loss from Alzheimer's disease.

Predicting cognitive decline in Alzheimer's

   [119]Listen · 3:55 3:55
   [120]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [121]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-57688/nx-s1-5406300-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [122]Transcript

   [123]Meals on Wheels, which delivers food to homebound seniors, is
   among the programs for the elderly and disabled now at risk now because
   federal agencies have fired staff who administer them.

   Meals on Wheels, which delivers food to homebound seniors, is among the
   programs for the elderly and disabled now at risk now because federal
   agencies have fired staff who administer them. Amy Sancetta/AP hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Amy Sancetta/AP

[124]Shots - Health News

[125]HHS layoffs hit Meals on Wheels and other services for seniors and
disabled

   by [126] Joseph Shapiro

   [127]April 1, 2025  Staff that administer programs to help the
   elderly, disabled people and poor families with basic needs lost their
   jobs amid the Trump administration's layoffs.

   [128]Employees of the Department of Health and Human Services stand in
   line to enter the Mary E. Switzer Memorial Building on April 01, 2025
   in Washington, DC. Widespread layoffs began Tuesday across the agency.

   Employees of the Department of Health and Human Services stand in line
   to enter the Mary E. Switzer Memorial Building on April 01, 2025 in
   Washington, DC. Widespread layoffs began Tuesday across the agency.
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[129]Shots - Health News

[130]Widespread firings start at federal health agencies including many in
leadership

   by [131] Rob Stein , [132] Sydney Lupkin , [133] Selena Simmons-Duffin
   , [134] Joseph Shapiro , [135] Carmel Wroth , [136] Yuki Noguchi

   [137]April 1, 2025  Staffers began receiving termination notices this
   morning as part of a major restructuring at HHS. Some senior leadership
   are on their way out too.

Widespread firings start at federal health agencies including many in
leadership

   [138]Listen · 4:02 4:02
   [139]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [140]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-57485/nx-s1-5409788-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [141]Transcript

   [142]President Donald Trump, joined by Health and Human Services
   Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (L) and Commerce Secretary Howard
   Lutnick (R), signs an executive order on February 25, 2025 on price
   transparency requirements for the health care industry.

   President Trump, joined by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert
   F. Kennedy Jr. (left) and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick (right),
   signs an executive order on Feb. 25 on price transparency requirements
   for the health care industry. Alex Wong/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Alex Wong/Getty Images

[143]Health Inc.

[144]How much will that surgery cost? Hospital price lists remain largely
unhelpful

   by [145] Daniel Chang

   [146]March 31, 2025  Health care price transparency is one of the few
   bipartisan issues in Washington, D.C. But much of the information is
   not helpful to patients, and there's no evidence that it's lowering
   costs.

   [147]As measles cases continue to rise, some parents are asking if
   their kids can get vaccinated early.

   As measles cases continue to rise, some parents are asking if their
   kids can get vaccinated early. Karl Tapales/Moment RF/Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Karl Tapales/Moment RF/Getty Images

[148]Shots - Health News

[149]As measles cases rise, some parents become vaccine enthusiasts

   by [150] Maria Godoy

   [151]March 30, 2025  Vaccine hesitancy has been growing in the U.S. in
   recent years. But as Texas measles cases rise and other states also
   report outbreaks, some parents want their kids to get their shots
   early.

Measles Sparks Vaccine Enthusiasm

   [152]Listen · 3:20 3:20
   [153]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [154]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5343997/nx-s1-5405106-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [155]Transcript

   [156]Michigan State beat Ole Miss in the Sweet 16 round of March
   Madness on Friday in Atlanta. The sheer number of games to bet on in a
   short time makes the NCAA tournament popular with legal sportsbook
   games.

   Michigan State beat Ole Miss in the Sweet 16 round of March Madness on
   Friday in Atlanta. The sheer number of games to bet on in a short time
   makes the NCAA tournament popular with legal sportsbook games. Grant
   Halverson/NCAA Photos via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Grant Halverson/NCAA Photos via Getty Images

[157]Treatments

[158]March Madness is a season for betting, but help for problem gambling is
hard to find

   by [159] Katia Riddle

   [160]March 29, 2025  For people with gambling disorder, the
   proliferation of gambling opportunities makes it difficult to fight
   their addiction. Investment in treatment lags behind other addiction
   disorders.

Experts worry about a lack of addiction treatments as legalized sports
betting grows

   [161]Listen · 3:53 3:53
   [162]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [163]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342574/nx-s1-5396579-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [164]Transcript

   [165]Dr. Peter Marks has long steered the Food and Drug
   Administration's regulation of vaccines.

   Dr. Peter Marks has long steered the Food and Drug Administration's
   regulation of vaccines. Greg Nash/POOL/AFP/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Greg Nash/POOL/AFP/Getty Images

[166]Shots - Health News

[167]The top FDA vaccine official is forced out, cites RFK Jr.'s
'misinformation and lies'

   by [168] Rob Stein

   [169]March 28, 2025  A top vaccine advisor at the FDA was forced to
   resign on Friday. In his resignation letter, Dr. Peter Marks wrote
   "truth and transparency are not desired," by HHS Secretary Robert F.
   Kennedy Jr.

   [170]Dr. Rebecca Starr is an internist specializing in geriatric care.
   When she opened her own practice, she chose a concierge business model,
   she says, because she wanted to offer patients longer appointments,
   including time to talk about nutrition and other subjects, but be able
   to charge enough to make the business work.

   Dr. Rebecca Starr is an internist specializing in geriatric care. When
   she opened her own practice, she chose a concierge business model, she
   says, because she wanted to offer patients longer appointments,
   including time to talk about nutrition and other subjects, but be able
   to charge enough to make the business work.
   Karen Brown/New England Public Media hide caption
   toggle caption
   Karen Brown/New England Public Media

[171]Public Health

[172]Long wait for a rushed doctor's visit? Maybe you'll get more with a
'membership' fee

88.5 NEPM

   by [173] Karen Brown

   [174]March 28, 2025  The growing number of concierge medical practices
   limit the number of patients and charge them membership fees. Will this
   worsen the ongoing shortage of primary care doctors for everyone else?

Long wait times for appointments at your doctor? You can now become a
'member'

   [175]Listen · 3:49 3:49
   [176]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [177]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342632/nx-s1-5403799-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [178]Transcript

   [179]In this photo, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is standing in front of a
   microphone. Photographed from about the shoulders up, he's wearing a
   blue suit and tie.

   Robert F. Kennedy Jr., secretary of the Department of Health and Human
   Services, announced a major restructuring and reduction in force of the
   agency he leads. Jason C. Andrew/Bloomberg/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Jason C. Andrew/Bloomberg/Getty Images

[180]Shots - Health News

[181]The Trump administration restructures federal health agencies, cuts
20,000 jobs

   by [182] Selena Simmons-Duffin , [183] Rob Stein , [184] Pien Huang
   , [185] Diane Webber

   [186]March 27, 2025  The reduction in force comes along with a
   reorganization of the Department of Health and Human Services,
   consolidating 28 divisions to 15.

The Trump administration restructures federal health agencies, cuts 20,000
jobs

   [187]Listen · 3:29 3:29
   [188]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [189]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342414/nx-s1-5404968-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [190]Transcript

   [191]Three 4th grade boys all have their hands extended, waiting to
   shake hands with an older gentleman with white hair.

   Fourth-graders line up to shake hands with Dennis Cuddy, one of the
   volunteers with Grandpas United, in White Plains, N.Y. Ashley
   Milne-Tyte for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Ashley Milne-Tyte for NPR

[192]Shots - Health News

[193]'Grandpas' got together to help kids. Scientists say it boosts the
elders' health, too

   by  Ashley Milne-Tyte

   [194]March 26, 2025  Older men can find themselves isolated after
   retirement. Volunteer groups like Grandpas United are good for both
   physical and mental health.

'Grandpas United' creates volunteer opportunities for the benefit of young
and old

   [195]Listen · 3:46 3:46
   [196]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [197]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-55822/nx-s1-5387334-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [198]Transcript

   [199]Dr. Mehmet Oz at his confirmation hearing with the Senate Finance
   Committee on March 14.

   Dr. Mehmet Oz at his confirmation hearing with the Senate Finance
   Committee on March 14. The committee voted to advance his nomination on
   Tuesday. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images

[200]Shots - Health News

[201]5 things to know as Dr. Oz prepares to lead Medicare and Medicaid

   by [202] Selena Simmons-Duffin

   [203]March 25, 2025  The former TV doctor made it through a tight vote
   in the Senate with only Republican support.

   [204]Veterans marched in on the National Mall in D.C. One is wearing an
   Army fatigues jacket and has his fist in the air. Another is carrying a
   sign that says, "Stop the Betrayal Now." Another sign says, "Where are
   our elected officials?"

   Veterans marched in on the National Mall in D.C. on March 14 to protest
   President Trump and Elon Musk's plans to cut more than 70,000 workers
   from the Department of Veterans Affairs. Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[205]Shots - Health News

[206]Trump's back-to-office order will hurt veterans, VA docs and therapists
say

   by [207] Katia Riddle

   [208]March 25, 2025  The Department of Veterans Affairs embraced
   telehealth, especially for mental health care, in recent years. Now,
   staffers hired to give therapy and other health care remotely are
   ordered to do it from offices lacking privacy, VA clinicians told NPR.

VA employees are being called to work in the office. But some say there isn't
room

   [209]Listen · 3:37 3:37
   [210]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [211]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-55645/nx-s1-5399510-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [212]Transcript

   [213]A 17-year-old transgender boy from the Chicago suburbs was in the
   process of scheduling surgery at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children’s
   Hospital, but that stopped after Lurie paused surgeries in light of an
   executive order from the White House.

   A 17-year-old transgender boy from the Chicago suburbs was in the
   process of scheduling surgery at Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's
   Hospital, but that stopped after Lurie paused surgeries in light of an
   executive order from the White House. Manuel Martinez/WBEZ hide caption
   toggle caption
   Manuel Martinez/WBEZ

[214]Policy-ish

[215]What happens when a Chicago hospital bows to federal pressure on trans
care for teens

WBEZ

   by [216] Kristen Schorsch

   [217]March 25, 2025  Patients and parents speak out after Lurie
   Children's in Chicago joined other hospitals in stopping
   gender-affirming surgeries. President Trump's executive order
   threatened their federal funding.

What happens when a Chicago children's hospital bows to pressure to stop
gender-affirming care

   [218]Listen · 4:41 4:41
   [219]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [220]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5338757/nx-s1-5394660-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [221]Transcript

   [222]In this 2015 photo, Rep. Mia Love is standing at a lectern with
   microphones attached to it. She's wearing a blue dress with short
   sleeves.

   Rep. Mia Love, R-Utah, speaks at a conference in National Harbor, Md.,
   on Feb. 26, 2015. Love died on March 23, 2025, from an aggressive type
   of brain cancer called glioblastoma. Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call,
   Inc./Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Bill Clark/CQ-Roll Call, Inc./Getty Images

[223]Treatments

[224]Doctors still seeking cure for brain cancer that struck former Utah Rep.
Mia Love

   by [225] Jon Hamilton

   [226]March 25, 2025  Mia Love, the first Black Republican woman
   elected to Congress, died three years after being diagnosed with
   glioblastoma, a brain cancer that is nearly always fatal.

   [227]Pastor Michael A. Walrond is shown in two side-by-side
   photographs. In a close up, he's shown wearing glasses and a
   long-sleeved t-shirt. In a wider shot, he is behind a pulpit, in front
   of a stage backdrop that says, "I am a love revolutionary."

   Pastor Michael A. Walrond, who leads the First Corinthian Baptist
   Church in Harlem, New York, says mental health wasn't discussed in his
   family when he was young. He's trying to change that for his
   congregants. José A. Alvarado Jr. for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   José A. Alvarado Jr. for NPR

[228]Shots - Health News

[229]This Harlem pastor fights mental health stigma — and shares his own
struggles

   by [230] Katia Riddle

   [231]March 23, 2025  First Corinthian Baptist Church founded a
   separate nonprofit that employs therapists to bring mental health care
   to a community where stigma remains a high barrier to healing.

A Harlem pastor battles mental health stigma with clinical therapy for
congregants

   [232]Listen · 4:37 4:37
   [233]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [234]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5336793/nx-s1-5366282-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [235]Transcript

   [236]A protestor in Houston, Texas, holds a homemade sign that reads,
   "Save NIH Funding."

   A protestor in Houston, Texas, holds a sign in favor of funding from
   the National Institutes of Health on March 7 during a "Stand Up for
   Science" rally at the Houston Medical Center. Kirk Sides/Houston
   Chronicle via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kirk Sides/Houston Chronicle via Getty Images

[237]Shots - Health News

[238]Trump wants to erase DEI. Researchers worry it will upend work on health
disparity

   by [239] Yuki Noguchi

   [240]March 21, 2025  Cancer researchers working on health disparities
   say President Trump's actions could hurt rural whites, who lag behind
   other groups in cancer screening.

   [241]Yale cognitive neuroscientist Nick Turk-Browne works with a baby
   and parent during a brain scan.

   Yale cognitive neuroscientist Nick Turk-Browne works with a baby and
   parent during a brain scan. 160/90 hide caption
   toggle caption
   160/90

[242]Your Health

[243]Why don't we remember being babies? Brain scans reveal new clues

   by [244] Ari Daniel

   [245]March 20, 2025  Why can't we remember when we were babies?
   Scientists who scanned infants' brains found that they do make
   memories. The findings suggest these memories may still exist, but are
   inaccessible to us.

Why don't we remember being babies? Brain scans reveal new clues

   [246]Listen · 4:14 4:14
   [247]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [248]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5332387/nx-s1-5396093-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [249]Transcript

   [250]Mehmet Oz sits at a table with a nameplate in front of him that
   says "Dr. Oz" during his confirmation hearing.

   Dr. Mehmet Oz speaks before the Senate Finance Committee during his
   confirmation hearing to lead the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid
   Services in Washington, D.C., on Friday. Craig Hudson/The Washington
   Post/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Craig Hudson/The Washington Post/Getty Images

[251]Policy-ish

[252]From TV to CMS: How Dr. Oz could shape Medicare and Medicaid

TRADEOFFS

   by [253] Ryan Levi , [254] Dan Gorenstein

   [255]March 20, 2025  Dr. Oz lacks policy experience but has TV show
   chops. Tom Scully, who led Medicare & Medicaid for President George W.
   Bush, argues that Oz is well-suited to be a spokesman for Trump's
   health care agenda.
   [256]More from Shots - Health News
   (BUTTON) Load more stories
   [257]Browse archive or [258]search npr.org

   Shots - Health News

Shots

   Health News From NPR
   (BUTTON)

[259]About

   Shots is the online channel for health stories from the NPR Science
   Desk. We report on news that can make a difference for your health and
   show how policy shapes our health choices. Look to Shots for the latest
   on research and medical treatments, as well as the business side of
   health. Your hosts are Scott Hensley and Carmel Wroth. You can reach
   the Shots team via [260]our contact form.

[261]Subscribe

     * [262]RSS

Read & Listen

     * [263]Home
     * [264]News
     * [265]Culture
     * [266]Music
     * [267]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [268]Newsletters
     * [269]Facebook
     * [270]Instagram
     * [271]Press
     * [272]Public Editor
     * [273]Corrections
     * [274]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [275]Overview
     * [276]Diversity
     * [277]NPR Network
     * [278]Accessibility
     * [279]Ethics
     * [280]Finances

Get Involved

     * [281]Support Public Radio
     * [282]Sponsor NPR
     * [283]NPR Careers
     * [284]NPR Shop
     * [285]NPR Events
     * [286]NPR Extra

     * [287]Terms of Use
     * [288]Privacy
     * [289]Your Privacy Choices
     * [290]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [291]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/1128/rss.xml
   2. https://feeds.npr.org/103537970/rss.xml
   3. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   4. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/#mainContent
   5. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   6. https://www.npr.org/
   7. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   8. https://shopnpr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  19. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  20. https://www.npr.org/books/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  26. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  27. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  28. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  29. https://www.npr.org/music/
  30. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  31. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  33. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  34. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  35. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  40. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  46. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  47. https://www.npr.org/search/
  48. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  49. https://shopnpr.org/
  50. https://www.npr.org/music/
  51. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  52. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  54. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  55. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  56. https://www.npr.org/about/
  57. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  58. https://www.npr.org/support/
  59. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  60. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  61. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  62. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/126567525/your-health
  63. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/133188451/treatments-tests
  64. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/133188447/health-inc
  65. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/133188445/policy-ish
  66. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/133188449/public-health
  67. https://twitter.com/nprhealth
  68. https://www.npr.org/newsletter/health
  69. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  70. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188447/health-inc
  71. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  72. https://www.npr.org/people/1104789158/noam-levey
  73. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  74. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250404_me_major_deal_wipes_out_30_billion_in_medical_debt._even_backers_say_it_s_not_enough.mp3?size=2780309&d=173727&e=nx-s1-5349500&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  75. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349500
  76. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250404_me_major_deal_wipes_out_30_billion_in_medical_debt._even_backers_say_it_s_not_enough.mp3?size=2780309&d=173727&e=nx-s1-5349500&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  77. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349500
  78. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  79. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  80. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  81. https://www.npr.org/people/146944972/rob-stein
  82. https://www.npr.org/people/825275572/sydney-lupkin
  83. https://www.npr.org/people/96022165/yuki-noguchi
  84. https://www.npr.org/people/707478309/carmel-wroth
  85. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  86. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  87. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188445/policy-ish
  88. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  89. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-27632/drew-hawkins
  90. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  91. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_alabama_abortion_ruling.mp3?size=3909217&d=244291&e=nx-s1-5351033&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  92. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5351033
  93. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_alabama_abortion_ruling.mp3?size=3909217&d=244291&e=nx-s1-5351033&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  94. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5351033
  95. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
  96. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  97. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
  98. https://www.npr.org/people/1128948946/katia-riddle
  99. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
 100. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_will_restricting_snap_benefits_stop_people_from_drinking_soda.mp3?size=3951431&d=246926&e=nx-s1-5349657&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 101. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349657
 102. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_will_restricting_snap_benefits_stop_people_from_drinking_soda.mp3?size=3951431&d=246926&e=nx-s1-5349657&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 103. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349657
 104. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 105. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188449/public-health
 106. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 107. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-57882/henry-larweh
 108. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 109. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 110. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 111. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 112. https://www.npr.org/people/825275572/sydney-lupkin
 113. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 114. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 115. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/126567525/your-health
 116. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 117. https://www.npr.org/people/2100615/jon-hamilton
 118. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 119. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_predicting_cognitive_decline_in_alzheimer_s.mp3?size=3771290&d=235659&e=g-s1-57688&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 120. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57688
 121. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_predicting_cognitive_decline_in_alzheimer_s.mp3?size=3771290&d=235659&e=g-s1-57688&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 122. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57688
 123. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 124. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 125. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 126. https://www.npr.org/people/2101159/joseph-shapiro
 127. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 128. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 129. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 130. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 131. https://www.npr.org/people/146944972/rob-stein
 132. https://www.npr.org/people/825275572/sydney-lupkin
 133. https://www.npr.org/people/349308023/selena-simmons-duffin
 134. https://www.npr.org/people/2101159/joseph-shapiro
 135. https://www.npr.org/people/707478309/carmel-wroth
 136. https://www.npr.org/people/96022165/yuki-noguchi
 137. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 138. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_widespread_firings_start_at_federal_health_agencies_including_many_in_leadership.mp3?size=3880378&d=242483&e=g-s1-57485&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 139. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57485
 140. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_widespread_firings_start_at_federal_health_agencies_including_many_in_leadership.mp3?size=3880378&d=242483&e=g-s1-57485&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 141. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57485
 142. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 143. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188447/health-inc
 144. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 145. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-57150/daniel-chang
 146. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 147. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 148. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 149. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 150. https://www.npr.org/people/348777820/maria-godoy
 151. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 152. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250328_atc_measles_sparks_vaccine_enthusiasm.mp3?size=3213315&d=200794&e=nx-s1-5343997&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 153. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343997
 154. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250328_atc_measles_sparks_vaccine_enthusiasm.mp3?size=3213315&d=200794&e=nx-s1-5343997&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 155. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343997
 156. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 157. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188451/treatments-tests
 158. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 159. https://www.npr.org/people/1128948946/katia-riddle
 160. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 161. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/03/20250322_wesat_experts_worry_about_a_lack_of_addiction_treatments_as_legalized_sports_betting_grows.mp3?size=3729912&d=233090&e=nx-s1-5342574&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 162. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342574
 163. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/03/20250322_wesat_experts_worry_about_a_lack_of_addiction_treatments_as_legalized_sports_betting_grows.mp3?size=3729912&d=233090&e=nx-s1-5342574&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 164. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342574
 165. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 166. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 167. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 168. https://www.npr.org/people/146944972/rob-stein
 169. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 170. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5342632/concierge-membership-primary-care-doctor-shortage-rural-health-access
 171. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188449/public-health
 172. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5342632/concierge-membership-primary-care-doctor-shortage-rural-health-access
 173. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-25754/karen-brown
 174. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5342632/concierge-membership-primary-care-doctor-shortage-rural-health-access
 175. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250327_me_long_wait_times_for_appointments_at_your_doctor_you_can_now_become_a_member.mp3?size=3678085&d=229835&e=nx-s1-5342632&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 176. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342632
 177. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250327_me_long_wait_times_for_appointments_at_your_doctor_you_can_now_become_a_member.mp3?size=3678085&d=229835&e=nx-s1-5342632&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 178. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342632
 179. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5342414/hhs-doge-rif-rfk-job-cuts
 180. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 181. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5342414/hhs-doge-rif-rfk-job-cuts
 182. https://www.npr.org/people/349308023/selena-simmons-duffin
 183. https://www.npr.org/people/146944972/rob-stein
 184. https://www.npr.org/people/729920828/pien-huang
 185. https://www.npr.org/people/1223758057/diane-webber
 186. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5342414/hhs-doge-rif-rfk-job-cuts
 187. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250327_atc_the_trump_administration_restructures_federal_health_agencies_cuts_20_000_jobs.mp3?size=3360018&d=209950&e=nx-s1-5342414&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 188. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342414
 189. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250327_atc_the_trump_administration_restructures_federal_health_agencies_cuts_20_000_jobs.mp3?size=3360018&d=209950&e=nx-s1-5342414&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 190. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342414
 191. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/26/g-s1-55822/volunteer-retirement-health-benefits-grandpas-united
 192. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 193. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/26/g-s1-55822/volunteer-retirement-health-benefits-grandpas-united
 194. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/26/g-s1-55822/volunteer-retirement-health-benefits-grandpas-united
 195. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250312_me_grandpas_united_creates_volunteer_opportunities_for_the_benefit_of_young_and_old.mp3?size=3623333&d=226404&e=g-s1-55822&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 196. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55822
 197. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250312_me_grandpas_united_creates_volunteer_opportunities_for_the_benefit_of_young_and_old.mp3?size=3623333&d=226404&e=g-s1-55822&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 198. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55822
 199. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55766/dr-mehmet-oz-medicare-medicaid-cms-trump
 200. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 201. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55766/dr-mehmet-oz-medicare-medicaid-cms-trump
 202. https://www.npr.org/people/349308023/selena-simmons-duffin
 203. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55766/dr-mehmet-oz-medicare-medicaid-cms-trump
 204. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55645/veterans-mental-health-trump-telehealth-privacy-va
 205. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 206. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55645/veterans-mental-health-trump-telehealth-privacy-va
 207. https://www.npr.org/people/1128948946/katia-riddle
 208. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55645/veterans-mental-health-trump-telehealth-privacy-va
 209. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250324_atc_va_return_to_work.mp3?size=3485824&d=217816&e=g-s1-55645&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 210. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55645
 211. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250324_atc_va_return_to_work.mp3?size=3485824&d=217816&e=g-s1-55645&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 212. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55645
 213. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5338757/transgender-surgery-lurie-chicago-hospital
 214. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188445/policy-ish
 215. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5338757/transgender-surgery-lurie-chicago-hospital
 216. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-55446/kristen-schorsch
 217. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5338757/transgender-surgery-lurie-chicago-hospital
 218. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250323_wesun_what_happens_when_a_chicago_children_s_hospital_bows_to_pressure_to_stop_gender-affirming_care.mp3?size=4501883&d=281316&e=nx-s1-5338757&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 219. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338757
 220. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250323_wesun_what_happens_when_a_chicago_children_s_hospital_bows_to_pressure_to_stop_gender-affirming_care.mp3?size=4501883&d=281316&e=nx-s1-5338757&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 221. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338757
 222. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55566/brain-cancer-mia-love-glioblastoma-treatments
 223. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188451/treatments-tests
 224. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55566/brain-cancer-mia-love-glioblastoma-treatments
 225. https://www.npr.org/people/2100615/jon-hamilton
 226. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/25/g-s1-55566/brain-cancer-mia-love-glioblastoma-treatments
 227. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/23/nx-s1-5336793/mental-health-harlem-black-church-pastor
 228. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 229. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/23/nx-s1-5336793/mental-health-harlem-black-church-pastor
 230. https://www.npr.org/people/1128948946/katia-riddle
 231. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/23/nx-s1-5336793/mental-health-harlem-black-church-pastor
 232. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/02/20250222_wesat_a_harlem_pastor_battles_mental_health_stigma_with_clinical_therapy_for_congregants.mp3?size=4445040&d=277771&e=nx-s1-5336793&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 233. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336793
 234. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/02/20250222_wesat_a_harlem_pastor_battles_mental_health_stigma_with_clinical_therapy_for_congregants.mp3?size=4445040&d=277771&e=nx-s1-5336793&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 235. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336793
 236. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5335599/trump-dei-research-cancer-rural-whites
 237. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 238. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5335599/trump-dei-research-cancer-rural-whites
 239. https://www.npr.org/people/96022165/yuki-noguchi
 240. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5335599/trump-dei-research-cancer-rural-whites
 241. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5332387/baby-brain-scans-new-clues-infant-memories
 242. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/126567525/your-health
 243. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5332387/baby-brain-scans-new-clues-infant-memories
 244. https://www.npr.org/people/297147967/ari-daniel
 245. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5332387/baby-brain-scans-new-clues-infant-memories
 246. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250320_atc_why_don_t_we_remember_being_babies_brain_scans_reveal_new_clues.mp3?size=4070549&d=254362&e=nx-s1-5332387&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 247. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5332387
 248. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250320_atc_why_don_t_we_remember_being_babies_brain_scans_reveal_new_clues.mp3?size=4070549&d=254362&e=nx-s1-5332387&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 249. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5332387
 250. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5333850/dr-oz-medicaid-medicare-cms
 251. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/133188445/policy-ish
 252. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5333850/dr-oz-medicaid-medicare-cms
 253. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-26432/ryan-levi
 254. https://www.npr.org/people/g-s1-8289/dan-gorenstein
 255. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5333850/dr-oz-medicaid-medicare-cms
 256. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/archive?start=placeholder
 257. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/archive
 258. https://www.npr.org/search
 259. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 260. https://help.npr.org/customer/portal/emails/new?i=1&s=Shots
 261. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 262. feed://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=103537970
 263. https://www.npr.org/
 264. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 265. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 266. https://www.npr.org/music/
 267. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 268. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 269. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 270. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 271. https://www.npr.org/press/
 272. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 273. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 274. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 275. https://www.npr.org/about/
 276. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 277. https://www.npr.org/network/
 278. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 279. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 280. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 281. https://www.npr.org/support/
 282. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 283. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 284. https://shopnpr.org/
 285. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 286. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 287. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 288. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 289. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 290. https://text.npr.org/
 291. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
