   #[1]Up First Newsletter

   IFRAME: [2]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [3]Skip to main content
     * [4]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [5]NPR logo
     *
     * [6]Newsletters
     *
     * [7]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [8]Home
     * [9]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [10]National
          + [11]World
          + [12]Politics
          + [13]Business
          + [14]Health
          + [15]Science
          + [16]Climate
          + [17]Race
     * [18]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [19]Books
          + [20]Movies
          + [21]Television
          + [22]Pop Culture
          + [23]Food
          + [24]Art & Design
          + [25]Performing Arts
          + [26]Life Kit
          + [27]Gaming
     * [28]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [29]All Songs Considered
          + [30]Tiny Desk
          + [31]New Music Friday
          + [32]Music Features
          + [33]Live Sessions
     * [34]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [35]Morning Edition
          + [36]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [37]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [38]All Things Considered
          + [39]Fresh Air
          + [40]Up First
       Featured
          + [41]Embedded
          + [42]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [43]Throughline
          + [44]Trump's Terms
          + [45]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [46]Search
     * [47]Newsletters
     *
     * [48]NPR Shop

     * [49]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [50]All Songs Considered
     * [51]Tiny Desk
     * [52]New Music Friday
     * [53]Music Features
     * [54]Live Sessions

     * [55]About NPR
     * [56]Diversity
     * [57]Support
     * [58]Careers
     * [59]Press
     * [60]Ethics

   Up First Newsletter The stories you need to start your day, hand-picked
   for you every weekday. Plus, the best of NPR every Sunday.

   Up First
   Special Series

Up First Newsletter

   (BUTTON)
     * [61]All Up First Stories
     * [62]Up First Podcast
     * [63]Morning Edition

     * [64]Subscribe to NPR's Up First Email

   [65]A brown-furred dog looks out from a cage at an animal shelter.

   A dog looks out from a cage at Auntie Ju's shelter for stray dogs on
   the outskirts of Bangkok on April 6, 2020. MLADEN ANTONOV/AFP via Getty
   Images/AFP hide caption
   toggle caption
   MLADEN ANTONOV/AFP via Getty Images/AFP

[66]Has a shelter pet changed your life? We want to hear about it

   [67]April 4, 2025  National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day is on April 30. To
   celebrate, NPR wants to know how your pet has changed your life. We
   would also love to see photos of your purr-fect fur-ever friend.

   [68]Stocks fell sharply in response to President Trump's sweeping
   tariff announcement Wednesday. The U.S. will impose a minimum 10% tax
   on nearly all imports, with much higher levies on goods from dozens of
   countries.

   Stocks fell sharply in response to President Trump's sweeping tariff
   announcement Wednesday. The U.S. will impose a minimum 10% tax on
   nearly all imports, with much higher levies on goods from dozens of
   countries. Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America hide caption
   toggle caption
   Spencer Platt/Getty Images North America

[69]How new tariffs will impact small retailers. And, key takeaways from
Trump's 7th week

   [70]April 4, 2025  President Trump's new tariffs are expected to take
   effect tomorrow. Small retailers are bracing for the impact. And, Trump
   denies reports of Laura Loomer's influence in yesterday's NSC firings.

Tariffs Hit At Midnight, Small Business Reactions, National Security Firings

   15:59

   [71]President Trump announces "reciprocal tariffs" during an event in
   the Rose Garden on Wednesday entitled "Make America Wealthy Again."
   Trump geared up to unveil sweeping new "Liberation Day" tariffs in a
   move that threatens to ignite a global trade war.

   President Trump announces "reciprocal tariffs" during an event in the
   Rose Garden on Wednesday entitled "Make America Wealthy Again." Trump
   geared up to unveil sweeping new "Liberation Day" tariffs in a move
   that threatens to ignite a global trade war. Brendan Smialowski/AFP via
   Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Brendan Smialowski/AFP via Getty Images

[72]World markets respond to Trump's new tariffs. And, TikTok nears its
sell-by date

   [73]April 3, 2025  Trump announced new tariffs on goods from all
   countries yesterday. Economists are worried about the domestic and
   worldwide impact this could cause. And, TikTok nears its sell-by date.

Trump's New Tariffs, Global Tariff Reactions, TikTok Deadline

   14:33

   Sponsor Message

   [74]President Trump speaks at the White House on Thursday, when he
   signed an executive order targeting WilmerHale, marking the latest
   expansion of the president's campaign against law firms tied to his
   political enemies or investigations into his actions.

   President Trump speaks at the White House on Thursday, when he signed
   an executive order targeting WilmerHale, marking the latest expansion
   of the president's campaign against law firms tied to his political
   enemies or investigations into his actions. Chris
   Kleponis/CNP/Bloomberg via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Chris Kleponis/CNP/Bloomberg via Getty Images

[75]How reciprocal tariffs could affect you. And, Maryland man mistakenly
deported

   [76]April 2, 2025  Trump is expected to impose "reciprocal tariffs,"
   which economists believe could be painful for U.S. consumers. And, the
   Trump administration says it mistakenly deported a man to El Salvador.

Trump's 'Liberation Day', Wisconsin Supreme Court Race, Mistaken Deportation

   15:46

   [77]Elon Musk wears a cheesehead hat as he speaks during a rally in
   Green Bay, Wisc. on March 30, 2025. An election to choose a new state
   Supreme Court justice takes place Tuesday and Musk has contributed
   millions to the race, hoping to secure a win for the conservative
   candidate.

   Elon Musk wears a cheesehead hat as he speaks during a rally in Green
   Bay, Wisc. on March 30, 2025. An election to choose a new state Supreme
   Court justice takes place Tuesday and Musk has contributed millions to
   the race, hoping to secure a win for the conservative candidate. Robin
   Legrand/AFP via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Robin Legrand/AFP via Getty Images

[78]Local elections to watch today. And, concerns over Trump's 'Liberation
Day' tariffs

   [79]April 1, 2025  Florida Democrats believe they have a chance to
   pick up one of two congressional seats in the special election races.
   And, Trump is expected to announce new tariffs tomorrow, worrying
   investors.

Wisconsin Supreme Court Race, Florida's Special Elections, Trump's Trade War

   15:03

   [80]President Donald Trump arrives on Air Force One at Palm Beach
   International Airport, Friday, March 28, 2025, in West Palm Beach, Fla.
   (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta)

   President Donald Trump arrives on Air Force One at Palm Beach
   International Airport, Friday, March 28, 2025, in West Palm Beach, Fla.
   (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta) Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP/AP

[81]Trump doesn't rule out seeking 3rd term. And, a revamp of the Smithsonian
Institution

   [82]March 31, 2025  President Trump says he isn't ruling out the
   possibility of seeking a 3rd term in office. And, an executive order
   targets the Smithsonian Institution to restore "sanity to American
   history."

President Trump Third Term, Smithsonian Executive Order, Myanmar Earthquake

   [83]Secretary of State Marco Rubio speaks during his visit to the Yad
   Vashem Holocaust Memorial museum in Jerusalem on February 16, 2025
   during his first Middle East tour. (Photo by Evelyn Hockstein / POOL /
   AFP) (Photo by EVELYN HOCKSTEIN/POOL/AFP via Getty Images)

   Secretary of State Marco Rubio speaks during his visit to the Yad
   Vashem Holocaust Memorial museum in Jerusalem on February 16, 2025.
   EVELYN HOCKSTEIN/AFP via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   EVELYN HOCKSTEIN/AFP via Getty Images

[84]U.S. revokes hundreds of visas to repress student activism. And, HHS cuts
jobs

   [85]March 28, 2025  Secretary of State Marco Rubio says hundreds of
   visas have been revoked in an effort to repress student activism. And,
   the Trump administration plans to cut 20,000 jobs from health agencies.

ICE Student Arrests, HHS Cuts, Stefanik Nomination Pulled, China Trade City

   19:13

   [86]A House lawmaker points to text messages by Defense Secretary Pete
   Hegseth during an annual worldwide threats assessment hearing on March
   26. The hearing, held by the House Permanent Select Committee on
   Intelligence, addressed Trump administration officials inadvertently
   including a journalist on a high-level Signal group chat discussing
   plans to bomb Houthi targets in Yemen.

   A House lawmaker points to text messages by Defense Secretary Pete
   Hegseth during an annual worldwide threats assessment hearing on March
   26. The hearing, held by the House Permanent Select Committee on
   Intelligence, addressed Trump administration officials inadvertently
   including a journalist on a high-level Signal group chat discussing
   plans to bomb Houthi targets in Yemen. Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[87]Trump's new tariffs could raise car prices. And, Dems demand answers
after Signal leak

   [88]March 27, 2025  Trump announced he'll impose 25% tariffs on
   imported cars starting next week. The decision received mixed
   reactions. And, Democrats are demanding answers after bombing plans
   were discussed on Signal.

Intelligence Officials Testify, Trump's Auto Tariffs, DOGE Access

   14:56

   [89]CIA Director John Ratcliffe, Tulsi Gabbard

   CIA Director John Ratcliffe, Tulsi Gabbard Andrew Harnik, Kevin
   Dietsc/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Harnik, Kevin Dietsc/Getty Images

[90]Dems want to investigate Signal blunder. And, federal return-to-office
complications

   [91]March 26, 2025  Top Democrats call for an investigation into how
   war plans were shared with a journalist on Signal. And, federal
   employees face complications and shortages when returning to the
   office.

Intel Hearing On Group Chat, Return To Office Mandate, Black Sea Deal

   14:50

   [92]U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Waltz (L) and Deputy White
   House Chief of Staff for Policy Stephen Miller (R) look on as U.S.
   Pres. Donald Trump speaks with reporters after signing two executive
   orders in the Oval Office of the White House on Feb. 04, 2025.

   U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Waltz (L) and Deputy White House
   Chief of Staff for Policy Stephen Miller (R) look on as U.S. Pres.
   Donald Trump speaks with reporters after signing two executive orders
   in the Oval Office of the White House on Feb. 04, 2025. (Photo by Anna
   Moneymaker/Getty Images) Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images

[93]How a journalist was sent the U.S. war plans. And, challenging the Alien
Enemies Act

   [94]March 25, 2025  A journalist at The Atlantic was unintentionally
   added to a group chat with top U.S. national security officials
   discussing war plans. And, the legal battle over the Alien Enemies Act
   continues.

War Plans Group Chat, Alien Enemies Act, U.S. Greenland Visit

   15:01

   Sponsor Message

   [95]Palestinians walk amid the rubble of destroyed homes and buildings
   in Jabaliya, northern Gaza Strip, March 14.

   Palestinians walk amid the rubble of destroyed homes and buildings in
   Jabaliya, northern Gaza Strip, March 14. Jehad Alshrafi/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Jehad Alshrafi/AP

[96]Israel's classified military plans for Gaza. And, defining "buy-now,
pay-later" loans

   [97]March 24, 2025  Israel is considering plans for a full-scale
   ground invasion of Gaza within a few months. And, examining the pros
   and cons of "buy-now, pay-later" loans.

Occupy Gaza Plan, Ukraine Ceasefire Talks, China Economy

   14:52

   [98]Naomi, 7 (Left), and Makena, 9 (Center) hold signs and chant during
   a rally in front of the Department of Education to protest budget cuts.

   Naomi, 7 (Left), and Makena, 9 (Center) hold signs and chant during a
   rally in front of the Department of Education to protest budget cuts.
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[99]Education Dept. cuts could hurt low-income schools. And, an entertainment
rundown

   [100]March 21, 2025  President Trump signed an executive action
   yesterday to start shutting down the Education Department, which could
   hurt low-income and rural schools. And, this week's new music, movies
   and books.

School Funding, Venezuelan Deportation Hearing, Key Bridge Inspection

   17:41

   [101]Federal Reserve Board Chairman Jerome Powell.

   Federal Reserve Board Chairman Jerome Powell. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mark Wilson/Getty Images

[102]The Fed holds interest rates. And, judge denies request to block DOGE's
USIP takeover

   [103]March 20, 2025  The Federal Reserve held interest rates steady
   yesterday as concerns loom over President Trump's new tariffs. And, a
   judge denied a request to block DOGE's takeover of the U.S. Institute
   of Peace.

Fed Rates Pause, USIP Loses Case, Israel Restarts Gaza Ground Invasion

   15:21

   [104]Former U.S. Agency for International Development employees
   terminated after the Trump administration effectively dismantled the
   agency collect their personal belongings at USAID headquarters on Feb.
   27 in Washington, D.C.

   Former U.S. Agency for International Development employees terminated
   after the Trump administration effectively dismantled the agency
   collect their personal belongings at USAID headquarters on Feb. 27 in
   Washington, D.C. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

[105]Musk, DOGE violated Constitution, judge says. And, when egg prices might
drop

   [106]March 19, 2025  A federal judge ruled that Elon Musk and DOGE
   likely violated the Constitution when shuttering the USAID. And, a look
   at when egg prices are likely to drop.

USAID Ruling, Ukraine On Trump Putin Agreement, Gaza Ceasefire Collapse

   15:54

   [107]A woman cries while sitting on the rubble of her house, destroyed
   in an Israeli strike, in the Nuseirat refugee camp in central Gaza
   Strip on Tuesday. Israel on Tuesday unleashed its most intense strikes
   on the Gaza Strip since a January ceasefire.

   A woman cries while sitting on the rubble of her house, destroyed in an
   Israeli strike, in the Nuseirat refugee camp in central Gaza Strip on
   Tuesday. Israel on Tuesday unleashed its most intense strikes on the
   Gaza Strip since a January ceasefire. Eyad Baba/AFP via Getty Images
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Eyad Baba/AFP via Getty Images

[108]Trump tests executive power. And, hundreds killed in Israeli airstrikes
on Gaza

   [109]March 18, 2025  A federal judge is requesting the DOJ give a
   sworn declaration about deportations over the weekend. And, Israel
   launched surprise airstrikes in Gaza early Tuesday, killing over 400.

Israel Strikes Gaza, Trump And The Courts, Takeover At US Institute Of Peace

   16:05

   [110]Destruction from a severe storm is seen on Saturday, March 15,
   2025, in Wayne County, Mo.

   Destruction from a severe storm is seen on Saturday, March 15, 2025, in
   Wayne County, Mo. Jeff Roberson/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Jeff Roberson/AP

[111]Deadly storms hit multiple southern states. And, hundreds of Venezuelans
deported

   [112]March 17, 2025  Residents are assessing damage from severe
   weather that hit multiple U.S. states over the weekend. And, hundreds
   of people accused of being in a Venezuelan gang have been deported.

Alien Enemies Act, Legal US Immigrants Denied Entry, Deadly Storm System

   12:34

   [113]WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 11: Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer
   (D-NY) speaks during a press conference following a policy luncheon at
   the U.S. Capitol on March 11, 2025 in Washington, DC. Schumer answered
   a range of questions during the press conference. (Photo by Win
   McNamee/Getty Images)

   WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 11: Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY)
   speaks during a press conference following a policy luncheon at the
   U.S. Capitol on March 11, 2025 in Washington, DC. Schumer answered a
   range of questions during the press conference. (Photo by Win
   McNamee/Getty Images) Win McNamee/Getty Images/Getty Images North
   America hide caption
   toggle caption
   Win McNamee/Getty Images/Getty Images North America

[114]Senate signals plans to avoid shutdown. And, Trump to visit DOJ

   [115]March 14, 2025  Senate Democrats must choose between a government
   shutdown or a bill they hate, as the deadline to pass a spending bill
   looms.

Congress Budget Vote, Trump Speaks At DOJ, Federal Workers Reinstated

   13:22

   [116]EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin testifying before a Senate
   Environment and Public Works Committee on his nomination in January.

   EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin testifying before a Senate Environment and
   Public Works Committee on his nomination in January. Ting
   Shen/AFP/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Ting Shen/AFP/Getty Images

[117]EPA targets dozens of regulations. And, 'stranded' astronauts may return
to Earth

   [118]March 13, 2025  The Environmental Protection Agency announced
   yesterday plans to reconsider more than two dozen rules. And,
   astronauts "stranded" on the International Space Station may be able to
   return to Earth.

   [119]The U.S. Department of Education headquarters is seen on March 6,
   in Washington, DC.

   The U.S. Department of Education headquarters is seen on March 6, in
   Washington, DC. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

[120]Education Department's major cuts to its staff. And, a proposed Ukraine
peace deal

   [121]March 12, 2025  The Department of Education said it will cut
   around 50% of its workforce. And, the U.S. has announced it will be
   resuming military aid to Ukraine.

Ukraine Ceasefire Talks, Education Department Layoffs, Spending Bill

   15:36

   [122]A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
   at the opening bell in New York City on March 10, 2025.

   A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) at
   the opening bell in New York City on March 10, 2025. Charly
   Triballeau/AFP/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Charly Triballeau/AFP/Getty Images

[123]Stock markets fall over tariff concerns. And, fentanyl deaths drop in
every state

   [124]March 11, 2025  The stock market fell yesterday as investors
   worry that Trump's tariffs will slow the economy and possibly lead the
   U.S. into a recession. And, fatal fentanyl overdoses are down in every
   U.S. state.

   [125]The U.S. Capitol Building on Feb. 10, 2025.

   The U.S. Capitol Building on Feb. 10, 2025. Zayrha Rodriguez/NPR hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Zayrha Rodriguez/NPR

[126]House Republicans propose plan to avoid shutdown. And, Canada's next
prime minister

   [127]March 10, 2025  House Republicans unveiled a bill that has to be
   approved by Friday to avoid a government shutdown. And, what we know
   about Mark Carney, who won the leadership contest for Canada's Liberal
   Party.

Canada's New Leader, ICE Arrest Columbia Student, Congress and The Budget

   14:34

   [128]From moms to daughters, sisters, friends, spouses and more, NPR
   readers shared stories of the women

   From moms to daughters, sisters, friends, spouses and more, NPR readers
   shared stories of the women in their lives. Kathleen Moffitt, Destiny
   Clifford, Sonia Diaz, Cynthia Kellrey, Sarah Humm, Pam Cummings, Krista
   Watson, Nancy Burns, Tom Connelly, Kevin Pilgrim, Jeremy Alvarez hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Kathleen Moffitt, Destiny Clifford, Sonia Diaz, Cynthia Kellrey, Sarah
   Humm, Pam Cummings, Krista Watson, Nancy Burns, Tom Connelly, Kevin
   Pilgrim, Jeremy Alvarez

[129]This Women's History Month, readers tell NPR about the women who changed
their lives

   [130]March 9, 2025  Since 1995, presidents have issued a series of
   proclamations celebrating Women's History in March. NPR readers share
   stories of the women who have made the biggest impacts on their lives.

This Women's History Month, readers tell NPR about the women who changed
their lives

   [131]Listen · 2:13 2:13
   [132]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [133]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5319969/nx-s1-5384043-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [134]Transcript

   [135]More from Up First Newsletter
   (BUTTON) Load more stories
   [136]Browse archive or [137]search npr.org

Read & Listen

     * [138]Home
     * [139]News
     * [140]Culture
     * [141]Music
     * [142]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [143]Newsletters
     * [144]Facebook
     * [145]Instagram
     * [146]Press
     * [147]Public Editor
     * [148]Corrections
     * [149]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [150]Overview
     * [151]Diversity
     * [152]NPR Network
     * [153]Accessibility
     * [154]Ethics
     * [155]Finances

Get Involved

     * [156]Support Public Radio
     * [157]Sponsor NPR
     * [158]NPR Careers
     * [159]NPR Shop
     * [160]NPR Events
     * [161]NPR Extra

     * [162]Terms of Use
     * [163]Privacy
     * [164]Your Privacy Choices
     * [165]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [166]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/1180232252/rss.xml
   2. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   3. https://www.npr.org/series/1180232252/up-first-newsletter#mainContent
   4. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   5. https://www.npr.org/
   6. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   7. https://shopnpr.org/
   8. https://www.npr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  19. https://www.npr.org/books/
  20. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  26. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  27. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  28. https://www.npr.org/music/
  29. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  30. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  31. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  33. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  34. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  35. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  40. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  46. https://www.npr.org/search/
  47. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  48. https://shopnpr.org/
  49. https://www.npr.org/music/
  50. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  51. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  52. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  54. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  55. https://www.npr.org/about/
  56. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  57. https://www.npr.org/support/
  58. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  59. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  60. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  61. https://www.npr.org/sections/upfirst
  62. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  63. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  64. https://www.npr.org/newsletter/news
  65. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58279/animal-pet-rescue-adoption-shelter
  66. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58279/animal-pet-rescue-adoption-shelter
  67. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58279/animal-pet-rescue-adoption-shelter
  68. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58242/up-first-briefing-trump-new-tariffs-nsc-firings-laura-loomer
  69. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58242/up-first-briefing-trump-new-tariffs-nsc-firings-laura-loomer
  70. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/04/g-s1-58242/up-first-briefing-trump-new-tariffs-nsc-firings-laura-loomer
  71. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/g-s1-57936/up-first-newsletter-trump-tariffs-tiktok-leasing-algorithm
  72. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/g-s1-57936/up-first-newsletter-trump-tariffs-tiktok-leasing-algorithm
  73. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/g-s1-57936/up-first-newsletter-trump-tariffs-tiktok-leasing-algorithm
  74. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/g-s1-57764/up-first-newsletter-trump-liberation-day-tariffs-wisconsin-supreme-court
  75. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/g-s1-57764/up-first-newsletter-trump-liberation-day-tariffs-wisconsin-supreme-court
  76. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/g-s1-57764/up-first-newsletter-trump-liberation-day-tariffs-wisconsin-supreme-court
  77. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/g-s1-57439/up-first-newsletter-wisconsin-supreme-court-race-florida-special-elections
  78. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/g-s1-57439/up-first-newsletter-wisconsin-supreme-court-race-florida-special-elections
  79. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/g-s1-57439/up-first-newsletter-wisconsin-supreme-court-race-florida-special-elections
  80. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/g-s1-57273/up-first-newsletter-trump-third-term-smithsonian-institution-overhaul-myanmar-earthquake
  81. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/g-s1-57273/up-first-newsletter-trump-third-term-smithsonian-institution-overhaul-myanmar-earthquake
  82. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/g-s1-57273/up-first-newsletter-trump-third-term-smithsonian-institution-overhaul-myanmar-earthquake
  83. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/28/g-s1-56863/up-first-newsletter-visas-student-activism-health-human-services-job-cuts
  84. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/28/g-s1-56863/up-first-newsletter-visas-student-activism-health-human-services-job-cuts
  85. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/28/g-s1-56863/up-first-newsletter-visas-student-activism-health-human-services-job-cuts
  86. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/g-s1-56472/up-first-newsletter-signal-messages-doge-imported-car-tariffs
  87. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/g-s1-56472/up-first-newsletter-signal-messages-doge-imported-car-tariffs
  88. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/g-s1-56472/up-first-newsletter-signal-messages-doge-imported-car-tariffs
  89. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/g-s1-55962/up-first-newsletter-war-plans-signal-ukraine-russia-black-sea-federal-workers
  90. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/g-s1-55962/up-first-newsletter-war-plans-signal-ukraine-russia-black-sea-federal-workers
  91. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/26/g-s1-55962/up-first-newsletter-war-plans-signal-ukraine-russia-black-sea-federal-workers
  92. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/g-s1-55643/up-first-briefing-signal-war-plans-alien-enemies-act-usha-vance
  93. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/g-s1-55643/up-first-briefing-signal-war-plans-alien-enemies-act-usha-vance
  94. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/g-s1-55643/up-first-briefing-signal-war-plans-alien-enemies-act-usha-vance
  95. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/24/g-s1-55428/up-first-newsletter-israel-gaza-ukraine-russia-china-development-forum
  96. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/24/g-s1-55428/up-first-newsletter-israel-gaza-ukraine-russia-china-development-forum
  97. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/24/g-s1-55428/up-first-newsletter-israel-gaza-ukraine-russia-china-development-forum
  98. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55118/up-first-briefing-education-department-el-salvador-maryland-key-bridge
  99. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55118/up-first-briefing-education-department-el-salvador-maryland-key-bridge
 100. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55118/up-first-briefing-education-department-el-salvador-maryland-key-bridge
 101. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/g-s1-54871/up-first-newsletter-federal-reserve-interest-rates-doge-usip-israel-hamas
 102. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/g-s1-54871/up-first-newsletter-federal-reserve-interest-rates-doge-usip-israel-hamas
 103. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/g-s1-54871/up-first-newsletter-federal-reserve-interest-rates-doge-usip-israel-hamas
 104. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/g-s1-54659/up-first-newsletter-usaid-doge-constitution-ukraine-russia-ceasefire
 105. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/g-s1-54659/up-first-newsletter-usaid-doge-constitution-ukraine-russia-ceasefire
 106. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/g-s1-54659/up-first-newsletter-usaid-doge-constitution-ukraine-russia-ceasefire
 107. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/g-s1-54418/up-first-newsletter-israel-air-strikes-gaza-deportation-justice-department-doge
 108. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/g-s1-54418/up-first-newsletter-israel-air-strikes-gaza-deportation-justice-department-doge
 109. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/18/g-s1-54418/up-first-newsletter-israel-air-strikes-gaza-deportation-justice-department-doge
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/g-s1-54218/up-first-newsletter-deadly-storms-venezuelan-deportations-el-salvador-boston-immigration
 111. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/g-s1-54218/up-first-newsletter-deadly-storms-venezuelan-deportations-el-salvador-boston-immigration
 112. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/g-s1-54218/up-first-newsletter-deadly-storms-venezuelan-deportations-el-salvador-boston-immigration
 113. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/g-s1-53785/up-first-newsletter-government-shutdown-trump-doj-federal-layoffs
 114. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/g-s1-53785/up-first-newsletter-government-shutdown-trump-doj-federal-layoffs
 115. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/14/g-s1-53785/up-first-newsletter-government-shutdown-trump-doj-federal-layoffs
 116. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/g-s1-53473/up-first-newsletter-epa-russia-ukraine-ceasefire-iss-astronauts-spacex
 117. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/g-s1-53473/up-first-newsletter-epa-russia-ukraine-ceasefire-iss-astronauts-spacex
 118. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/g-s1-53473/up-first-newsletter-epa-russia-ukraine-ceasefire-iss-astronauts-spacex
 119. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/g-s1-53285/up-first-newsletter-education-department-layoffs-ukraine-russia-ceasefire-proposal
 120. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/g-s1-53285/up-first-newsletter-education-department-layoffs-ukraine-russia-ceasefire-proposal
 121. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/g-s1-53285/up-first-newsletter-education-department-layoffs-ukraine-russia-ceasefire-proposal
 122. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/11/g-s1-53114/up-first-newsletter-stock-market-trump-tariffs-fentanyl-crisis-mahmoud-khalil
 123. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/11/g-s1-53114/up-first-newsletter-stock-market-trump-tariffs-fentanyl-crisis-mahmoud-khalil
 124. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/11/g-s1-53114/up-first-newsletter-stock-market-trump-tariffs-fentanyl-crisis-mahmoud-khalil
 125. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/10/g-s1-52932/up-first-briefing-canada-mark-carney-mahmoud-khalil-stopgap-bill
 126. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/10/g-s1-52932/up-first-briefing-canada-mark-carney-mahmoud-khalil-stopgap-bill
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/10/g-s1-52932/up-first-briefing-canada-mark-carney-mahmoud-khalil-stopgap-bill
 128. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/09/nx-s1-5319969/womens-history-month-stories-changed-lives
 129. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/09/nx-s1-5319969/womens-history-month-stories-changed-lives
 130. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/09/nx-s1-5319969/womens-history-month-stories-changed-lives
 131. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250312_me_this_women_s_history_month_readers_tell_npr_about_the_women_who_changed_their_lives.mp3?size=2140414&d=133746&e=nx-s1-5319969&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 132. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5319969
 133. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250312_me_this_women_s_history_month_readers_tell_npr_about_the_women_who_changed_their_lives.mp3?size=2140414&d=133746&e=nx-s1-5319969&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 134. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5319969
 135. https://www.npr.org/series/1180232252/up-first-newsletter/archive?start=placeholder
 136. https://www.npr.org/series/1180232252/up-first-newsletter/archive
 137. https://www.npr.org/search
 138. https://www.npr.org/
 139. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 140. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 141. https://www.npr.org/music/
 142. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 143. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 144. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 145. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 146. https://www.npr.org/press/
 147. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 148. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 149. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 150. https://www.npr.org/about/
 151. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 152. https://www.npr.org/network/
 153. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 154. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 155. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 156. https://www.npr.org/support/
 157. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 158. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 159. https://shopnpr.org/
 160. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 161. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 162. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 163. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 164. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 165. https://text.npr.org/
 166. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
