   #[1]News [2]Climate

   IFRAME: [3]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [4]Skip to main content
     * [5]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [6]NPR logo
     *
     * [7]Newsletters
     *
     * [8]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [9]Home
     * [10]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [11]National
          + [12]World
          + [13]Politics
          + [14]Business
          + [15]Health
          + [16]Science
          + [17]Climate
          + [18]Race
     * [19]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [20]Books
          + [21]Movies
          + [22]Television
          + [23]Pop Culture
          + [24]Food
          + [25]Art & Design
          + [26]Performing Arts
          + [27]Life Kit
          + [28]Gaming
     * [29]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [30]All Songs Considered
          + [31]Tiny Desk
          + [32]New Music Friday
          + [33]Music Features
          + [34]Live Sessions
     * [35]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [36]Morning Edition
          + [37]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [38]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [39]All Things Considered
          + [40]Fresh Air
          + [41]Up First
       Featured
          + [42]Embedded
          + [43]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [44]Throughline
          + [45]Trump's Terms
          + [46]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [47]Search
     * [48]Newsletters
     *
     * [49]NPR Shop

     * [50]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [51]All Songs Considered
     * [52]Tiny Desk
     * [53]New Music Friday
     * [54]Music Features
     * [55]Live Sessions

     * [56]About NPR
     * [57]Diversity
     * [58]Support
     * [59]Careers
     * [60]Press
     * [61]Ethics

   Climate NPR's full coverage of climate change and related issues.

Climate

     * [62]Subscribe to NPR's Up First Email

   [63]An activist protests against the Trump administration's plan to
   stop some federal grants and loans during a rally near the White House
   on January 28 in Washington, DC.

   An activist protests against the Trump administration's plan to stop
   some federal grants and loans during a rally near the White House on
   January 28 in Washington, DC. Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images/Getty Images
   North America hide caption
   toggle caption
   Anna Moneymaker/Getty Images/Getty Images North America

[64]Rural leaders push Congress to unfreeze climate and environmental funds

   [65]April 1, 2025  Leaders from rural communities in eight states
   travelled to Washington, D.C., last week to urge lawmakers to preserve
   federal funding that's threatened by the Trump administration.

Rural leaders push GOP lawmakers to unfreeze climate and environmental
funding

   [66]Listen · 3:16 3:16
   [67]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [68]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342672/nx-s1-5408204-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [69]Transcript

   [70]A robot "dog" inspects a vehicle body as part of quality control.

   A Boston Dynamics robot "dog" inspects a vehicle body as part of
   quality control during a media tour at the Hyundai Motor Group
   Metaplant America in Ellabell, Ga., on March 26. During the grand
   opening ceremony for the plant, which actually produced its first
   vehicle in October, company executives and Georgia politicians did not
   emphasize — or even mention — that the plant produces electric
   vehicles. Mike Stewart/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mike Stewart/AP

[71]Business

[72]Hyundai's plans for its new Georgia plant reveal an industry hedging its
bets on EVs

   [73]March 31, 2025  Hyundai just opened a high-tech auto plant in
   Georgia. Originally meant to just build EVs, it's expanding toward
   plug-in hybrids — a sign of bigger shifts in the auto industry.

Hyundai’s plans for its new Georgia plant reveal an industry hedging its bets
on EVs

   [74]Listen · 4:33 4:33
   [75]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [76]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342658/nx-s1-5406182-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [77]Transcript

   [78]The Southeastern U.S. faces a future with more wildfires

   A firefighter monitors a preventative blaze to limit the spread of the
   Deepwoods Fire near Columbus, N.C. Allison Joyce/Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Allison Joyce/Getty Images

[79]Consider This from NPR

[80]The Southeastern U.S. faces a future with more wildfires

   [81]March 27, 2025  Six months ago, Southern Appalachia was devastated
   by Hurricane Helene.

The Southeastern U.S. faces a future with more wildfires

   [82]Listen · 7:31 7:31
   [83]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [84]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1241163680/1268555462"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [85]Transcript

   Sponsor Message

   [86]A crab makes its way across a densely packed field of
   ferromanganese nodules blanketing the seafloor.

   Negotiators are hammering out rules to govern mining on the ocean
   floor, where critical metals are found in deposits called polymetallic
   nodules. Here, ferromanganese nodules in the North Atlantic. NOAA Ocean
   Exploration hide caption
   toggle caption
   NOAA Ocean Exploration

[87]The world has no rulebook for deep-sea mining. One company is pushing
forward anyway

   [88]March 27, 2025  Countries have debated for decades whether to
   allow mining on the ocean floor, a potential trove of critical
   minerals. Now, a Canadian startup says it will move ahead, whether or
   not rules are in place.

There’s no rulebook for deep-sea mining. Companies want to push forward
anyway

   [89]Listen · 3:39 3:39
   [90]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [91]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5336319/nx-s1-5403310-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [92]Transcript

   [93]An aerial view showing the burned houses in Altadena, California
   after January's Eaton Fire.

   The Eaton Fire burned such a large area in Altadena, Calif. that it
   reached areas that weren't considered at risk. Now, Los Angeles will be
   requiring some of those homeowners to rebuild with fire-resistant
   building materials. Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty Images North America
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty Images North America

[94]Why some Los Angeles homes are being built to resist wildfires — and some
aren't

   [95]March 25, 2025  California is one of the few states with building
   codes for wildfire protection, because using fire-resistant materials
   helps homes survive. Now, more than 500 additional homeowners
   rebuilding after Los Angeles' Eaton Fire are being required to use
   them.

Why some Los Angeles homes are being built to resist wildfires — and some
aren’t

   [96]Listen · 4:26 4:26
   [97]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [98]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5335535/nx-s1-5401433-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [99]Transcript

   [100]Anticipating more home runs this baseball season? It might be
   climate change
   Chuck Savage/Getty Images

[101]Short Wave

[102]Anticipating more home runs this baseball season? It might be climate
change

   [103]March 25, 2025  Baseball season is nigh! From Yankee stadium in
   New York to Dodger stadium in Los Angeles, teams around the country
   will face off Thursday to mark the start of the 2025 MLB season. And
   when we here at Short Wave think of baseball, we naturally think of
   physics. To get the inside scoop on the physics of baseball, like how
   to hit a home run, we talk to Frederic Bertley, CEO and President of
   the Center of Science and Industry, a science museum in Columbus, Ohio.
   In this encore episode, he also talks to host Regina G. Barber about
   how climate change is affecting the game.

Anticipating more home runs this baseball season? It might be climate change

   [104]Listen · 12:08 12:08
   (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [105]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1266983429/1268376732"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">

   [106]Responding to disasters like Hurricane Helene in North Carolina
   takes thousands government workers and millions of dollars, something
   states rely on the federal government for.

   Responding to disasters like Hurricane Helene in North Carolina takes
   thousands government workers and millions of dollars, something states
   rely on the federal government for. Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty
   Images North America hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty Images North America

[107]Trump wants states to handle disasters. States aren't prepared

   [108]March 21, 2025  President Trump says he's thinking of getting rid
   of the country's disaster response agency, FEMA. States say they can't
   replicate what FEMA does on their own.

   [109]Volunteers Olly De Almeida (left), Jordan Bordenave (right) and
   Rosemary White (far right) plant trees in front of Tribble Condor’s
   (center) house in New Orleans' Lower 9th Ward. The project was funded
   by a federal grant, which was terminated in February.

   Volunteers Olly De Almeida (left), Jordan Bordenave (right) and
   Rosemary White (far right) plant a tree in front of Tribble Condor's
   (center) house in New Orleans' Lower 9th Ward. The project was funded
   by a federal grant terminated in February. Arbor Day Foundation hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Arbor Day Foundation

[110]Is planting trees 'DEI'? Trump administration cuts nationwide
tree-planting effort

   [111]March 21, 2025  The Trump administration's efforts to end DEI
   programs is hitting some unexpected targets, including a nationwide
   effort planting shade trees in neighborhoods to reduce extreme heat.

Trump administration cuts to DEI even affecting nationwide effort to plant
trees

   [112]Listen · 3:55 3:55
   [113]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [114]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-55090/nx-s1-5389009-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [115]Transcript

   [116]Native American protestors and their supporters are confronted by
   security during a demonstration against work being done for the Dakota
   Access Pipeline (DAPL) oil pipeline in North Dakota during 2016.
   Hundreds of Native American protestors and their supporters, who fear
   the Dakota Access Pipeline will polluted their water, forced
   construction workers and security forces to retreat and work to stop.

   Native American protestors and their supporters are confronted by
   security during a demonstration against work being done for the Dakota
   Access Pipeline (DAPL) in North Dakota in 2016. Greenpeace, one of the
   groups protesting DAPL, was sued by the company building the pipeline.
   A jury has ordered Greenpeace to pay millions of dollars. ROBYN
   BECK/AFP via Getty Images/AFP hide caption
   toggle caption
   ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty Images/AFP

[117]Jury says Greenpeace owes hundreds of millions of dollars for Dakota
pipeline protest

   [118]March 19, 2025  Experts say the verdict has relevance for free
   speech issues nationwide.

   [119]A sequence along Ladder Canyon trail at one of California's newest
   National Monument's Chuckwalla, where around 13 tribes have ancestral
   ties to the region.

   Ladder Canyon Trail is part of Chuckwalla National Monument in Southern
   California, where at least six tribes have ancestral ties to the
   region. Nate Perez/NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Nate Perez/NPR

[120]Future of the newest national monuments looks murky after White House
communication

   [121]March 19, 2025  White House communication has caused confusion
   over the fate of the country's newest national monuments in California.

Chuckwalla Monument

   [122]Listen · 4:35 4:35
   [123]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [124]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5316852/nx-s1-5391691-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [125]Transcript

   Sponsor Message

   [126]A pan sits on a stovetop as a hand reaches in to turn a dial.

   The Copper induction stove has a battery under the oven, so the
   appliance can plug into a regular household outlet. Jeff Brady/NPR hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Jeff Brady/NPR

[127]Switching from gas to electric? Here are 3 appliances that are easy to
install

   [128]March 19, 2025  Changing from gas to climate-friendly electric
   appliances often involves expensive retrofits. A growing list of
   companies offer stoves, heat pumps and water heaters that make it
   easier and cheaper.

Switching from gas to electric? Here’s 3 appliances that are easy to install

   [129]Listen · 3:58 3:58
   [130]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [131]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5296903/nx-s1-5360629-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [132]Transcript

   [133]Older people in Los Angeles's Chinatown neighborhood shade
   themselves from the beating sun. Exposure to heat can change the way
   people's genes work, potentially leading to long-term health impacts.
   Climate change is making heat waves more intense and long-lasting in
   many parts of the U.S.

   Older people in Los Angeles' Chinatown neighborhood shade themselves
   from the sun. Exposure to heat can change the way people's genes work,
   potentially leading to long-term health impacts. Climate change is
   making heat waves more intense and last longer in many parts of the
   U.S. Nick Ut/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Nick Ut/AP

[134]Heat can age you as much as smoking, a new study finds

   [135]March 17, 2025  Exposure to heat can alter the way your DNA
   works, according to a new study. The effects could lead to long-term
   health outcomes.

Heat can age you as much as smoking, a new study finds

   [136]Listen · 3:19 3:19
   [137]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [138]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5325273/nx-s1-5389166-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [139]Transcript

   [140]Tourists walk in front of the Tuco glacier in Huascaran National
   Park during a tour called the "Route of climate change" in Huaraz,
   Peru, Aug. 12, 2016.

   Tourists walk in front of the Tuco glacier in Huascaran National Park
   during a tour called the "Route of climate change" in Huaraz, Peru,
   Aug. 12, 2016. Martin Mejia/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Martin Mejia/AP

[141]The Americas

[142]Peruvian farmer goes head to head with German energy giant in climate
test case

   [143]March 17, 2025  A Peruvian farmer is going head to head with
   German energy giant in a climate law test case.

Peruvian farmer goes head to head with German energy giant in climate test
case

   [144]Listen · 3:07 3:07
   [145]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [146]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5328711/nx-s1-5392644-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [147]Transcript

   [148]The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency building in Washington.

   Duke Energy's Marshall Steam Station coal power plant operates near
   Mooresville, N.C. Tierney L. Cross/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Tierney L. Cross/Getty Images

[149]Analysis

[150]From the Editor's Desk

[151]EPA says it will roll back climate rules. That could prove complicated

   [152]March 13, 2025  Announcing big changes to environmental rules
   doesn't undo facts on the ground overnight. Instead, EPA's announcement
   is the first step in what is likely to be a lengthy process to remake
   the rules and policies it targeted.

   [153]EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin testifying before a Senate
   Environment and Public Works Committee on his nomination in January.

   EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin testified before the Senate Environment
   and Public Works Committee on his nomination in January. Ting
   Shen/AFP/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Ting Shen/AFP/Getty Images

[154]EPA announces dozens of environmental regulations it plans to target

   [155]March 12, 2025  The Environmental Protection Agency didn't
   provide details about what it wants to do with the regulations —
   whether it will try to weaken them or eliminate them entirely.

   [156]A solar plant in Mona, Utah. The U.S. Energy Information
   Administration says solar will account for just over half of new power
   generation that will get built in the U.S. this year.

   A solar plant in Mona, Utah. The U.S. Energy Information Administration
   says solar will account for just over half of new power generation that
   will get built in the U.S. this year. Rick Bowmer/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Rick Bowmer/AP

[157]America's clean-energy industry is growing despite Trump's attacks. At
least for now

   [158]March 12, 2025  Clean energy is crucial to meet rising U.S.
   electricity demand, according to industry analysts and executives. But
   the Trump administration's actions could slow development.

America’s clean-energy industry is growing despite Trump’s attacks. At least
for now

   [159]Listen · 2:51 2:51
   [160]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [161]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5319056/nx-s1-5383347-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [162]Transcript

   [163]PASADENA, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 23: A Nissan LEAF electric
   vehicle (EV) recharges at a charging station on Sept. 23, 2024 in
   Pasadena, Calif.

   A Nissan LEAF recharges at a station in Pasadena, Calif. Memos obtained
   by NPR show a key federal agency has paused orders of zero-emission
   vehicles and some federally-owned EV chargers will be shut off. Mario
   Tama/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mario Tama/Getty Images

[164]Trump administration slams brakes on government's adoption of electric
vehicles

   [165]March 12, 2025  Memos obtained by NPR show a key federal agency
   has paused orders of zero-emission vehicles and some federally owned EV
   chargers will be turned off.

   [166]A sign outside the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
   headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland, says "NOAA."

   Signage outside NOAA's headquarters in Silver Spring, Md. Hundreds of
   employees at the climate and weather research agency have been fired,
   including at least three Bay Area weather service employees, raising
   concerns about NOAA's ability to serve the public. Daniel
   Heuer/Bloomberg via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Daniel Heuer/Bloomberg via Getty Images

[167]Layoffs and potential closures of key facilities raise worries about
NOAA's future

   [168]March 6, 2025  The Trump administration may end leases for some
   of NOAA's offices while the agency terminates several advisory
   committees at the important weather and climate agency.

   [169]A herd of brown cows gather under trees at the El Hatico farm near
   Cali, Colombia. Researchers think that this type of silvopasture could
   reduce deforestation in Latin America.

   A herd of brown cows gather under trees at the El Hatico farm near
   Cali, Colombia. Researchers think that this type of silvopasture could
   reduce deforestation in Latin America. Julia Simon/NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Julia Simon/NPR

[170]This Colombian 'hotel for cows' could help reduce deforestation in the
Amazon

   [171]March 3, 2025  Clearing land for cattle and cows is the single
   biggest driver of rainforest loss in the Amazon. This "hotel for cows"
   in Colombia offers a solution.

In Colombia, a 'Hotel for cows' offers a solution to deforestation of the
Amazon

   [172]Listen · 4:07 4:07
   [173]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [174]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5219431/nx-s1-5375319-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [175]Transcript

   [176]A hurricane specialist looks at a satellite image of Hurricane
   Beryl, the first hurricane of the the 2024 season. The National
   Hurricane Center provides forecasts of major storms, many of which make
   landfall in the United States. The Center is part of NOAA, the
   country's oceans- and atmosphere-focused agency. Experts say ongoing
   staff cuts at the agency could endanger some of its core missions, like
   forecasting weather.

   A hurricane specialist looks at a satellite image of Hurricane Beryl,
   the first hurricane of the 2024 season. The National Hurricane Center
   provides forecasts of major storms, many of which make landfall in the
   U.S.. The Center is part of NOAA, the country's oceans- and
   atmosphere-focused agency. Experts say ongoing staff cuts at the agency
   could endanger some of its core missions, like forecasting weather. Joe
   Raedle/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Joe Raedle/Getty Images

[177]Environment

[178]Trump administration layoffs hit NOAA, agency that forecasts weather,
hurricanes

   [179]February 27, 2025  The National Oceanic and Atmospheric
   Administration houses key groups like the National Weather Service.
   Experts warn the consequences of employee cuts could be drastic.

   [180]In this photo, Stella Davidsen Olsen helps guide her sled dogs to
   turn around and head back home. They're surrounded by a snow-covered
   landscape.

   Stella Davidsen Olsen, a musher in Greenland, helps guide her sled dogs
   to turn around and head back home. Grace Widyatmadja/NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Grace Widyatmadja/NPR

[181]How Greenland's cherished sled dog tradition is threatened by climate
change

   [182]February 27, 2025  Climate change has impacted virtually every
   part of life in Greenland. The tradition of dogsledding illustrates
   just one aspect of what's at risk for the island as the Earth warms.

How Greenland's cherished sled dog tradition is threatened by climate change

   [183]Listen · 8:14 8:14
   [184]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [185]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5303457/nx-s1-5366979-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [186]Transcript

   [187]The view from Greenland: 'We don't want to be Americans'

   Naaja Nathanielsen poses for a portrait in her office in Nuuk,
   Greenland on Feb. 20, 2025. Grace Widyatmadja/NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Grace Widyatmadja/NPR

[188]Consider This from NPR

[189]The view from Greenland: 'We don't want to be Americans'

   [190]February 25, 2025  President Trump's calls for the U.S. to take
   over Greenland have sparked alarm and outrage.

The view from Greenland: 'We don't want to be Americans'

   [191]Listen · 9:54 9:54
   [192]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [193]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1233779205/1267043168"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [194]Transcript

   [195]An aerial view shows the long-depleted Colorado River (L) as it
   flows between California (R) and Arizona, and an irrigation ditch (R)
   carrying river water toward Quechan tribal land on May 26, 2023 near
   Winterhaven, Calif. The Quechan Tribe of the Fort Yuma Indian
   Reservation and the neighboring Bard Water District have voluntary
   seasonal fallowing programs that compensate farmers to not grow crops
   on some of their fields in support of an effort to boost water levels
   at Lake Mead upstream.

   An aerial view shows the long-depleted Colorado River (L) as it flows
   between California (R) and Arizona, and an irrigation ditch (R)
   carrying river water toward Quechan tribal land on May 26, 2023 near
   Winterhaven, Calif. Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty Images North America
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mario Tama/Getty Images/Getty Images North America

[196]Environment

[197]Trump funding freeze includes payments to keep the Colorado River
flowing

KUNC

   [198]February 25, 2025  President Biden promised billions in funds to
   farmers and others to not take water from the Colorado River. President
   Trump is halting some of those funds, leaving questions about the
   river's future.

President Trump freezing funds for Colorado River conservation efforts

   [199]Listen · 4:00 4:00
   [200]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [201]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5302718/nx-s1-5370498-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [202]Transcript

   [203]Protesters wade in the Cannon Ball River during a standoff with
   the police at Turtle Island north of the Standing Rock Reservation in
   North Dakota, on Nov. 2, 2016.

   Protesters wade in the Cannon Ball River during a standoff with the
   police at Turtle Island north of the Standing Rock Reservation in North
   Dakota, on Nov. 2, 2016. Emily Kask for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Emily Kask for NPR

[204]Greenpeace faces a $300 million lawsuit after Dakota Access Pipeline
protests

   [205]February 24, 2025  The company behind the controversial Dakota
   Access Pipeline is suing Greenpeace for at least $300 million for
   damages the oil pipeline company says it suffered from protests in 2016
   and 2017.

Greenpeace faces a $300 million lawsuit after Dakota Access Pipeline protests

   [206]Listen · 3:15 3:15
   [207]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [208]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5292463/nx-s1-5367814-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [209]Transcript

   [210]More from Climate
   (BUTTON) Load more stories
   [211]Browse archive or [212]search npr.org

Read & Listen

     * [213]Home
     * [214]News
     * [215]Culture
     * [216]Music
     * [217]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [218]Newsletters
     * [219]Facebook
     * [220]Instagram
     * [221]Press
     * [222]Public Editor
     * [223]Corrections
     * [224]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [225]Overview
     * [226]Diversity
     * [227]NPR Network
     * [228]Accessibility
     * [229]Ethics
     * [230]Finances

Get Involved

     * [231]Support Public Radio
     * [232]Sponsor NPR
     * [233]NPR Careers
     * [234]NPR Shop
     * [235]NPR Events
     * [236]NPR Extra

     * [237]Terms of Use
     * [238]Privacy
     * [239]Your Privacy Choices
     * [240]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [241]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/1001/rss.xml
   2. https://feeds.npr.org/1167/rss.xml
   3. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   4. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/#mainContent
   5. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   6. https://www.npr.org/
   7. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   8. https://shopnpr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  19. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  20. https://www.npr.org/books/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  26. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  27. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  28. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  29. https://www.npr.org/music/
  30. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  31. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  33. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  34. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  35. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  40. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  46. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  47. https://www.npr.org/search/
  48. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  49. https://shopnpr.org/
  50. https://www.npr.org/music/
  51. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  52. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  54. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  55. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  56. https://www.npr.org/about/
  57. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  58. https://www.npr.org/support/
  59. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  60. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  61. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  62. https://www.npr.org/newsletter/news
  63. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342672/climate-change-grant-funding-freeze-trump-republican
  64. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342672/climate-change-grant-funding-freeze-trump-republican
  65. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342672/climate-change-grant-funding-freeze-trump-republican
  66. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250401_me_rural_leaders_push_gop_lawmakers_to_unfreeze_climate_and_environmental_funding.mp3?size=3148113&d=196724&e=nx-s1-5342672&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  67. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342672
  68. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250401_me_rural_leaders_push_gop_lawmakers_to_unfreeze_climate_and_environmental_funding.mp3?size=3148113&d=196724&e=nx-s1-5342672&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  69. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342672
  70. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342658/hyundai-georgia-plant-electric
  71. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  72. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342658/hyundai-georgia-plant-electric
  73. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342658/hyundai-georgia-plant-electric
  74. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_hyundai_s_plans_for_its_new_georgia_plant_reveal_an_industry_hedging_its_bets_on_evs.mp3?size=4375241&d=273400&e=nx-s1-5342658&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  75. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342658
  76. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_hyundai_s_plans_for_its_new_georgia_plant_reveal_an_industry_hedging_its_bets_on_evs.mp3?size=4375241&d=273400&e=nx-s1-5342658&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  77. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342658
  78. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/1241163680/north-carolina-southeast-wildfires-portend-future-risk
  79. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510355/considerthis
  80. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/1241163680/north-carolina-southeast-wildfires-portend-future-risk
  81. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/1241163680/north-carolina-southeast-wildfires-portend-future-risk
  82. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR8880142318.mp3?d=451&size=7221125&e=1241163680&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  83. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1241163680
  84. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR8880142318.mp3?d=451&size=7221125&e=1241163680&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  85. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1241163680
  86. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5336319/international-deep-sea-mining-critical-metals-seabed
  87. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5336319/international-deep-sea-mining-critical-metals-seabed
  88. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/27/nx-s1-5336319/international-deep-sea-mining-critical-metals-seabed
  89. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250327_atc_there_s_no_rulebook_for_deep-sea_mining._companies_want_to_push_forward_anyway.mp3?size=3509230&d=219290&e=nx-s1-5336319&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  90. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336319
  91. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250327_atc_there_s_no_rulebook_for_deep-sea_mining._companies_want_to_push_forward_anyway.mp3?size=3509230&d=219290&e=nx-s1-5336319&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  92. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336319
  93. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5335535/los-angeles-home-fires-rebuilding-regulations
  94. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5335535/los-angeles-home-fires-rebuilding-regulations
  95. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/nx-s1-5335535/los-angeles-home-fires-rebuilding-regulations
  96. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250325_atc_why_some_los_angeles_homes_are_being_built_to_resist_wildfires_and_some_aren_t.mp3?size=4271169&d=266915&e=nx-s1-5335535&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  97. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5335535
  98. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250325_atc_why_some_los_angeles_homes_are_being_built_to_resist_wildfires_and_some_aren_t.mp3?size=4271169&d=266915&e=nx-s1-5335535&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  99. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5335535
 100. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/1266983429/mlb-baseball-players-climate-science-physics
 101. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510351/short-wave
 102. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/1266983429/mlb-baseball-players-climate-science-physics
 103. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/25/1266983429/mlb-baseball-players-climate-science-physics
 104. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510351/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR9310709322.mp3?d=728&size=11653165&e=1266983429&t=podcast&p=510351&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 105. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510351/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR9310709322.mp3?d=728&size=11653165&e=1266983429&t=podcast&p=510351&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 106. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5327595/trump-order-fema-states-disaster-response
 107. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5327595/trump-order-fema-states-disaster-response
 108. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/nx-s1-5327595/trump-order-fema-states-disaster-response
 109. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55090/trump-dei-trees-removal-climate-change
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55090/trump-dei-trees-removal-climate-change
 111. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/21/g-s1-55090/trump-dei-trees-removal-climate-change
 112. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250314_me_trump_administration_cuts_to_dei_even_affecting_nationwide_effort_to_plant_trees.mp3?size=3762095&d=235087&e=g-s1-55090&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 113. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55090
 114. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250314_me_trump_administration_cuts_to_dei_even_affecting_nationwide_effort_to_plant_trees.mp3?size=3762095&d=235087&e=g-s1-55090&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 115. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55090
 116. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5332364/north-dakota-greenpeace-defamation-oil-pipeline-standing-rock
 117. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5332364/north-dakota-greenpeace-defamation-oil-pipeline-standing-rock
 118. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5332364/north-dakota-greenpeace-defamation-oil-pipeline-standing-rock
 119. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5316852/future-of-newest-national-monuments-murky-after-white-house-communication
 120. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5316852/future-of-newest-national-monuments-murky-after-white-house-communication
 121. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5316852/future-of-newest-national-monuments-murky-after-white-house-communication
 122. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250319_atc_chuckwalla_monument.mp3?size=4412022&d=275700&e=nx-s1-5316852&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 123. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5316852
 124. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250319_atc_chuckwalla_monument.mp3?size=4412022&d=275700&e=nx-s1-5316852&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 125. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5316852
 126. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5296903/gas-electric-induction-stoves-climate-change-natural-gas
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5296903/gas-electric-induction-stoves-climate-change-natural-gas
 128. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/19/nx-s1-5296903/gas-electric-induction-stoves-climate-change-natural-gas
 129. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250319_me_switching_from_gas_to_electric_here_are_3_appliances_that_are_easy_to_install.mp3?size=3808907&d=238022&e=nx-s1-5296903&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 130. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5296903
 131. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250319_me_switching_from_gas_to_electric_here_are_3_appliances_that_are_easy_to_install.mp3?size=3808907&d=238022&e=nx-s1-5296903&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 132. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5296903
 133. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5325273/heat-accelerates-aging-new-study-finds
 134. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5325273/heat-accelerates-aging-new-study-finds
 135. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5325273/heat-accelerates-aging-new-study-finds
 136. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250319_me_heat_can_age_you_as_much_as_smoking_a_new_study_finds.mp3?size=3185729&d=199072&e=nx-s1-5325273&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 137. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5325273
 138. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250319_me_heat_can_age_you_as_much_as_smoking_a_new_study_finds.mp3?size=3185729&d=199072&e=nx-s1-5325273&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 139. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5325273
 140. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5328711/peruvian-farmer-goes-head-to-head-with-german-energy-giant-in-climate-test-case
 141. https://www.npr.org/sections/latin-america/
 142. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5328711/peruvian-farmer-goes-head-to-head-with-german-energy-giant-in-climate-test-case
 143. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/17/nx-s1-5328711/peruvian-farmer-goes-head-to-head-with-german-energy-giant-in-climate-test-case
 144. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250317_me_peruvian_farmer_goes_head_to_head_with_german_energy_giant_in_climate_test_case.mp3?size=2998066&d=187329&e=nx-s1-5328711&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 145. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5328711
 146. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250317_me_peruvian_farmer_goes_head_to_head_with_german_energy_giant_in_climate_test_case.mp3?size=2998066&d=187329&e=nx-s1-5328711&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 147. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5328711
 148. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/nx-s1-5327219/epa-environmental-regulations-explained
 149. https://www.npr.org/sections/analysis/
 150. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-55458/editors-desk
 151. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/nx-s1-5327219/epa-environmental-regulations-explained
 152. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/13/nx-s1-5327219/epa-environmental-regulations-explained
 153. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5326354/trump-epa-environmental-rules-rollback-deregulation
 154. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5326354/trump-epa-environmental-rules-rollback-deregulation
 155. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5326354/trump-epa-environmental-rules-rollback-deregulation
 156. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5319056/trump-clean-energy-electricity-climate-change
 157. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5319056/trump-clean-energy-electricity-climate-change
 158. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5319056/trump-clean-energy-electricity-climate-change
 159. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250313_me_america_s_clean-energy_industry_is_growing_despite_trump_s_attacks._at_least_for_now.mp3?size=2745200&d=171530&e=nx-s1-5319056&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 160. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5319056
 161. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250313_me_america_s_clean-energy_industry_is_growing_despite_trump_s_attacks._at_least_for_now.mp3?size=2745200&d=171530&e=nx-s1-5319056&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 162. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5319056
 163. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5310006/trump-government-electric-vehicles-gsa-ev
 164. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5310006/trump-government-electric-vehicles-gsa-ev
 165. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/12/nx-s1-5310006/trump-government-electric-vehicles-gsa-ev
 166. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5316917/noaa-trump-impact-layoffs
 167. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5316917/noaa-trump-impact-layoffs
 168. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5316917/noaa-trump-impact-layoffs
 169. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5219431/climate-silvopasture-cows-deforestation-amazon-rainforest
 170. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5219431/climate-silvopasture-cows-deforestation-amazon-rainforest
 171. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5219431/climate-silvopasture-cows-deforestation-amazon-rainforest
 172. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250304_me_in_colombia_a_hotel_for_cows_offers_a_solution_to_deforestation_of_the_amazon.mp3?size=3968149&d=247968&e=nx-s1-5219431&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 173. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5219431
 174. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250304_me_in_colombia_a_hotel_for_cows_offers_a_solution_to_deforestation_of_the_amazon.mp3?size=3968149&d=247968&e=nx-s1-5219431&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 175. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5219431
 176. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5298738/trump-administration-layoffs-hit-noaa-the-agency-that-forecasts-weather-and-hurricanes
 177. https://www.npr.org/sections/daydreaming/127169503/environment/
 178. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5298738/trump-administration-layoffs-hit-noaa-the-agency-that-forecasts-weather-and-hurricanes
 179. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5298738/trump-administration-layoffs-hit-noaa-the-agency-that-forecasts-weather-and-hurricanes
 180. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5303457/greenland-sled-dog-tradition-threatened-climate-change
 181. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5303457/greenland-sled-dog-tradition-threatened-climate-change
 182. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/27/nx-s1-5303457/greenland-sled-dog-tradition-threatened-climate-change
 183. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250227_atc_how_greenland_s_cherished_sled_dog_tradition_is_threatened_by_climate_change.mp3?size=7910758&d=494368&e=nx-s1-5303457&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 184. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5303457
 185. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250227_atc_how_greenland_s_cherished_sled_dog_tradition_is_threatened_by_climate_change.mp3?size=7910758&d=494368&e=nx-s1-5303457&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 186. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5303457
 187. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/1233779205/the-view-from-greenland-we-dont-want-to-be-americans
 188. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510355/considerthis
 189. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/1233779205/the-view-from-greenland-we-dont-want-to-be-americans
 190. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/1233779205/the-view-from-greenland-we-dont-want-to-be-americans
 191. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR3284149138.mp3?d=594&size=9511542&e=1233779205&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 192. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1233779205
 193. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR3284149138.mp3?d=594&size=9511542&e=1233779205&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 194. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1233779205
 195. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/nx-s1-5302718/trump-funding-freeze-includes-payments-to-keep-the-colorado-river-flowing
 196. https://www.npr.org/sections/environment/
 197. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/nx-s1-5302718/trump-funding-freeze-includes-payments-to-keep-the-colorado-river-flowing
 198. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/25/nx-s1-5302718/trump-funding-freeze-includes-payments-to-keep-the-colorado-river-flowing
 199. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250225_me_trump_funding_freeze_includes_payments_to_keep_the_colorado_river_flowing.mp3?size=3849449&d=240540&e=nx-s1-5302718&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 200. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5302718
 201. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250225_me_trump_funding_freeze_includes_payments_to_keep_the_colorado_river_flowing.mp3?size=3849449&d=240540&e=nx-s1-5302718&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 202. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5302718
 203. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/24/nx-s1-5292463/greenpeace-lawsuit-energy-transfer-dakota-access
 204. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/24/nx-s1-5292463/greenpeace-lawsuit-energy-transfer-dakota-access
 205. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/24/nx-s1-5292463/greenpeace-lawsuit-energy-transfer-dakota-access
 206. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250224_me_greenpeace_faces_a_300_million_lawsuit_after_dakota_access_pipeline_protests.mp3?size=3132649&d=195758&e=nx-s1-5292463&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 207. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5292463
 208. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250224_me_greenpeace_faces_a_300_million_lawsuit_after_dakota_access_pipeline_protests.mp3?size=3132649&d=195758&e=nx-s1-5292463&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 209. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5292463
 210. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/archive?start=placeholder
 211. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/archive
 212. https://www.npr.org/search
 213. https://www.npr.org/
 214. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 215. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 216. https://www.npr.org/music/
 217. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 218. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 219. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 220. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 221. https://www.npr.org/press/
 222. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 223. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 224. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 225. https://www.npr.org/about/
 226. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 227. https://www.npr.org/network/
 228. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 229. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 230. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 231. https://www.npr.org/support/
 232. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 233. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 234. https://shopnpr.org/
 235. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 236. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 237. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 238. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 239. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 240. https://text.npr.org/
 241. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
