   #[1]News [2]Investigations

   IFRAME: [3]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [4]Skip to main content
     * [5]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [6]NPR logo
     *
     * [7]Newsletters
     *
     * [8]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [9]Home
     * [10]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [11]National
          + [12]World
          + [13]Politics
          + [14]Business
          + [15]Health
          + [16]Science
          + [17]Climate
          + [18]Race
     * [19]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [20]Books
          + [21]Movies
          + [22]Television
          + [23]Pop Culture
          + [24]Food
          + [25]Art & Design
          + [26]Performing Arts
          + [27]Life Kit
          + [28]Gaming
     * [29]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [30]All Songs Considered
          + [31]Tiny Desk
          + [32]New Music Friday
          + [33]Music Features
          + [34]Live Sessions
     * [35]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [36]Morning Edition
          + [37]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [38]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [39]All Things Considered
          + [40]Fresh Air
          + [41]Up First
       Featured
          + [42]Embedded
          + [43]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [44]Throughline
          + [45]Trump's Terms
          + [46]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [47]Search
     * [48]Newsletters
     *
     * [49]NPR Shop

     * [50]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [51]All Songs Considered
     * [52]Tiny Desk
     * [53]New Music Friday
     * [54]Music Features
     * [55]Live Sessions

     * [56]About NPR
     * [57]Diversity
     * [58]Support
     * [59]Careers
     * [60]Press
     * [61]Ethics

   Investigations Read the latest from NPR's investigative team. If you
   have solid tips or documents on stories we should probe, please send
   them to us.

Investigations

   (BUTTON)

     * [62]Subscribe to NPR's Up First Email

   [63]The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs says it will end a mortgage
   rescue plan that has saved nearly 20,000 veterans from needlessly
   losing their homes

   The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs says it will end a mortgage
   rescue plan that has saved nearly 20,000 veterans from needlessly
   losing their homes. Charles Dharapak/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Charles Dharapak/AP

[64]Trump's VA is ending a rescue program that's saved 17,000 military
veterans' homes

   [65]April 3, 2025  The Department of Veterans Affairs says it will end
   a mortgage rescue plan that has saved many veterans from needlessly
   losing their homes, the move could strand thousands of others who need
   help.

   [66]The Department of Justice building in Washington, D.C.,
   U.S.Photographer: Stefani Reynolds/Bloomberg via Getty Images

   Sean Murphy worked for the Department of Justice for years, and served
   in the group that prosecuted crimes stemming from the Jan.6 attack on
   the U.S. Capitol. Stefani Reynolds/Bloomberg via Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Stefani Reynolds/Bloomberg via Getty Images

[67]Why a DOJ prosecutor resigned, telling coworkers and bosses 'you serve no
man'

   [68]March 20, 2025  Former Assistant U.S. Attorney Sean Murphy
   resigned from the Department of Justice, telling NPR, 'It just was not
   a Department of Justice that I any longer wanted to associate with.'"

DOJ prosecutor decides: stay or resign?

   [69]Listen · 5:10 5:10
   [70]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [71]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5330879/nx-s1-5396547-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [72]Transcript

   [73]Department of Defense deputy press secretary Kingsley Wilson's
   account on X shows that she has thousands of followers.

   Department of Defense deputy press secretary Kingsley Wilson's account
   on X shows that she has thousands of followers.
   [74]@DepPressSecDOD/[75] Screenshot by NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   [76]@DepPressSecDOD/[77] Screenshot by NPR

[78]A Pentagon press secretary has history of pushing antisemitic, extremist
theories

   [79]March 6, 2025  Members of Congress and civil rights groups are
   condemning past comments from Deputy Pentagon Press Secretary Kingsley
   Wilson, including some which critics called antisemitic.

   Sponsor Message

   [80]This photo provided by the South Carolina Department of Corrections
   shows the state's death chamber in Columbia, S.C., including the
   electric chair, right, and a firing squad chair, left.

   This photo provided by the South Carolina Department of Corrections
   shows the state's death chamber in Columbia, S.C., including the
   electric chair, right, and a firing squad chair, left. South Carolina
   Department of Corrections/via AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   South Carolina Department of Corrections/via AP

[81]South Carolina plans to carry out a firing squad execution. Is it safe
for witnesses?

   [82]March 4, 2025  South Carolina plans to execute its first prisoner
   by firing squad on March 7 inside the same death chamber it's used for
   dozens of other executions. Firearms experts say that could be risky.

South Carolina plans to carry out a firing squad execution. Is it safe for
witnesses?

   [83]Listen · 3:49 3:49
   [84]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [85]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5308218/nx-s1-5372643-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [86]Transcript

   [87]A collage of four Alaskan children sitting on a bench amongst
   photos of damage to their school, including black mold and collapsing
   walls.

   For nearly two decades, children in Sleetmute, Alaska, have been going
   to school in a building with a leaking roof. The state repeatedly
   ignored funding requests to fix it, and the school is now full of mold
   and in danger of collapse. Photo illustration by Shoshana
   Gordon/ProPublica. Photos by Emily Schwing/KYUK, Michael
   Grabell/ProPublica hide caption
   toggle caption
   Photo illustration by Shoshana Gordon/ProPublica. Photos by Emily
   Schwing/KYUK, Michael Grabell/ProPublica

[88]Rural schools in Alaska are crumbling. The state is the likely culprit.

   [89]March 4, 2025  Rural school districts depend on the state to fund
   construction and maintenance projects. But over the past 25 years,
   Alaska lawmakers have ignored hundreds of requests for public schools
   that primarily serve Indigenous children.

   [90]When it comes to harassment, are federal judges above the law?

   An NPR investigation finds federal judges have enormous influence with
   few checks on their power. Law clerks and other judicial employees are
   vulnerable to mistreatment and have few job protections. Isabel Seliger
   for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Isabel Seliger for NPR

[91]Consider This from NPR

[92]When it comes to harassment, are federal judges above the law?

   [93]March 3, 2025  People who work for the federal court system don't
   have the same kinds of job protections that most other Americans do.

When it comes to harassment, are federal judges above the law?

   [94]Listen · 11:42 11:42
   [95]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [96]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1235624358/1267350743"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [97]Transcript

   [98]Dan Bongino speaks onstage during Politicon 2018 at Los Angeles
   Convention Center.

   Dan Bongino speaks onstage during Politicon 2018 at Los Angeles
   Convention Center. Phillip Faraone/Getty Images for Politicon hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Phillip Faraone/Getty Images for Politicon

[99]New deputy FBI director Dan Bongino previously called for imprisoning
Democrats

   [100]March 3, 2025  Before becoming the second-in-command at the FBI,
   Dan Bongino used his popular podcast to spread conspiracy theories
   about the Jan. 6 attack. Here's what else he said.

New deputy FBI director Dan Bongino previously called for imprisoning
Democrats

   [101]Listen · 4:30 4:30
   [102]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [103]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5308020/nx-s1-5380688-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [104]Transcript

   [105]An illustration of a woman is hunched over behind a giant gavel as
   a judge looms in the background.

   An NPR investigation finds federal judges have enormous influence with
   few checks on their power. Law clerks and other judicial employees are
   vulnerable to mistreatment and have few job protections. Isabel Seliger
   for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Isabel Seliger for NPR

[106]In the federal court system, law clerks find little recourse for
bullying and abuse

   [107]March 1, 2025  An NPR investigation finds federal judges have
   enormous influence with few checks on their power. Law clerks and other
   judicial employees are vulnerable to mistreatment and have few job
   protections.

In the federal court system, law clerks find little recourse for bullying and
abuse

   [108]Listen · 27:39 27:39
   (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [109]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5308054/g-s1-51264"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">

   [110]More than 10 years later, the search for Malaysia Airlines flight
   M370 is still on.

   More than 10 years later, the search for Malaysia Airlines flight M370
   is still on. Rahman Roslan/Getty Images/Getty Images AsiaPac hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Rahman Roslan/Getty Images/Getty Images AsiaPac

[111]The Brief

[112]The search for the missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 has resumed
once again

   [113]February 26, 2025  After 11 years of the plane's untraceable
   disappearance, authorities have announced that the search is back on.

   [114]President Donald Trump signed the executive order granting
   clemency to Jan. 6 defendants on his first day in office.

   President Donald Trump signed the executive order granting clemency to
   Jan. 6 defendants on his first day in office. Jim Watson/AFP hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Jim Watson/AFP

[115]Justice Department broadens Jan. 6 pardons to cover gun, drug-related
charges

   [116]February 20, 2025  In a new development, the Department of
   Justice said Trump's pardon of Jan. 6 defendants should apply more
   broadly and include separate gun charges, as well.

   Sponsor Message

   [117]Will New York's mayor survive widening scandal?

   New York Mayor Eric Adams attends a press conference on gun violence
   prevention and public safety last summer. Michael M. Santiago/Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Michael M. Santiago/Getty Images

[118]Consider This from NPR

[119]Will New York's mayor survive widening scandal?

   [120]February 18, 2025  New York Governor Kathy Hochul, along
   withother top officials spent much of Tuesday weighing whether to use
   her power to remove New York City Mayor Eric Adams from office.

Will New York's mayor survive widening scandal?

   [121]Listen · 10:02 10:02
   [122]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [123]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/1232304351/1266652061"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [124]Transcript

   [125]Los Angeles County firefighters pull a hose in front of a burning
   home as the Eaton Fire moved through the area on Jan. 8 in Altadena,
   Calif.

   Los Angeles County firefighters pull a hose in front of a burning home
   as the Eaton Fire moved through the area in Altadena, Calif., on Jan.
   8. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

[126]California Wildfires

[127]Power lines sparked new fires in LA after the Eaton Fire began, radio
traffic shows

   [128]February 17, 2025  First responder communications show the power
   company in Altadena was slow to respond to Eaton firefighters — and
   that live power lines sparked new fires days after flames first broke
   out.

Power lines sparked new fires in LA after the Eaton Fire began, radio traffic
shows

   [129]Listen · 6:26 6:26
   [130]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [131]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5282086/nx-s1-5362883-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [132]Transcript

   [133]The Department of Homeland Security released photos of migrants as
   they boarded planes for Guantánamo Bay, Cuba.

   The Department of Homeland Security released photos of migrants as they
   boarded planes for Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. DHS hide caption
   toggle caption
   DHS

[134]ACLU and other advocates sue for access to migrants moved to Guantánamo
Bay

   [135]February 12, 2025  The lawsuit alleges that the migrants have
   been "disappeared into a black box" and are unable to communicate with
   attorneys.

ACLU and other advocates sue for access to migrants moved to Guantánamo Bay

   [136]Listen · 3:33 3:33
   [137]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [138]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5295046/nx-s1-5360361-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [139]Transcript

   [140]A screenshot showing Glen Simon (highlighted in the red rectangle)
   entering the U.S. Capitol Rotunda on Jan. 6, 2021. Prosecutors cited
   this photo in the case against Simon. A coalition of media
   organizations said Tuesday that video evidence from the case had
   “disappeared” from a government platform.

   A screenshot showing Glen Simon (highlighted in the red rectangle)
   entering the U.S. Capitol Rotunda on Jan. 6, 2021. Prosecutors cited
   this photo in the case against Glen Simon. A coalition of media
   organizations said Tuesday that video evidence from Simon's case had
   "disappeared" from a government platform. Department of Justice hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Department of Justice

[141]Jan. 6 video evidence has 'disappeared' from public access, media
coalition says

   [142]February 11, 2025  A coalition of news organizations said in a
   court filing that video exhibits from a Jan. 6 riot case had
   "disappeared" from a government platform that provided access to
   evidence used in court.

   [143]Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk speaks as President Trump signed an
   executive order about limiting the size of the federal workforce. Musk
   is leading the Department of Government Efficiency team that claims to
   have uncovered billions of dollars of savings, though the data
   underlying those claims is murky.

   Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk speaks as President Trump signed an
   executive order about limiting the size of the federal workforce. Musk
   is leading the "Department of Government Efficiency" team that claims
   to have uncovered billions of dollars of savings, though the data
   underlying those claims is murky. Andrew Harnik/Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Harnik/Getty Images

[144]Musk claims DOGE is saving taxpayers billions, but the data is unclear

   [145]February 11, 2025  President Trump, Elon Musk and the Department
   of Government Efficiency have touted billions in terminated contracts
   deemed wasteful, but there's little transparency about how savings are
   tracked.

TRACKING DOGE UPDATE

   [146]Listen · 3:52 3:52
   [147]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [148]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5290288/nx-s1-5355900-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [149]Transcript

   [150]Former Metropolitan Police Officer Michael Fanone, who helped
   defend the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6 attack. Fanone is filing for
   protective orders against the men who assaulted him that day.

   Former Metropolitan Police Department Officer Michael Fanone, who
   helped defend the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6 attack. Fanone is
   filing for protective orders against the men who assaulted him that
   day. Susan Walsh/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Susan Walsh/AP

[151]FBI agents, prosecutors fear retribution from Jan. 6 rioters pardoned by
Trump

   [152]February 6, 2025  Officials involved in Jan. 6 prosecutions say
   the Trump administration isn't protecting them from threats. "We don't
   think they'll care — unless and until one of us gets killed," an
   official told NPR.

FBI agents and prosecutors fear retribution from Jan. 6 rioters pardoned by
Trump

   [153]Listen · 3:50 3:50
   [154]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [155]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5287708/nx-s1-5352663-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [156]Transcript

   [157]Sailors and Coast Guardsmen erect tents for a migrant holding
   facility in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. President Trump has directed the
   Pentagon and the Department of Homeland Security to prepare for 30,000
   detained migrants.

   Sailors and Coast Guardsmen erect tents for a migrant holding facility
   in Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. President Trump has directed the Pentagon and
   the Department of Homeland Security to prepare for 30,000 detained
   migrants. Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Raphael Dorne/U.S.
   Navy hide caption
   toggle caption
   Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Raphael Dorne/U.S. Navy

[158]National

[159]The first group of migrants has been sent to Guantánamo, but legal
challenges loom

   [160]February 4, 2025  President Trump aims to deport up to 30,000
   migrant detainees to a holding facility there, despite the questionable
   legality of that move.

The first group of migrants has been sent to Guantánamo, but legal challenges
loom

   [161]Listen · 3:36 3:36
   [162]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [163]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5286579/nx-s1-5350515-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [164]Transcript

   [165]A long Norfolk Southern freight train passes through the town of
   East Palestine, Ohio on Jan. 17.

   A long Norfolk Southern freight train passes through the town of East
   Palestine, Ohio on Jan. 17. Daranee Balachandar/Howard Center for
   Investigative Journalism hide caption
   toggle caption
   Daranee Balachandar/Howard Center for Investigative Journalism

[166]Two years after derailment, toxic chemicals still roll through East
Palestine

   [167]February 3, 2025  Two years after derailment, toxic chemicals
   still roll through East Palestine.

   [168]President Trump takes questions from reporters at the White House
   on Thursday about the collision of an American Airlines flight with a
   military Black Hawk helicopter near Ronald Reagan Washington National
   Airport.

   President Trump takes questions from reporters at the White House on
   Thursday about the collision of an American Airlines flight with a
   military Black Hawk helicopter near Ronald Reagan Washington National
   Airport. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

[169]D.C. plane and helicopter crash

[170]People with intellectual disabilities do lots of jobs — but they don't
direct air traffic

   [171]January 30, 2025  After the fatal crash over the Potomac River,
   President Trump blamed diversity hiring. But that's not how disability
   hiring works.

   [172]The control tower at the Reagan National Airport after the crash
   of an American Airlines plane on the Potomac River on approach to the
   airport on Jan. 30, 2025 in Arlington, Virginia.

   The control tower at the Reagan National Airport after the crash of an
   American Airlines plane on the Potomac River on approach to the airport
   on Jan. 30, 2025 in Arlington, Virginia. Andrew Harnik/Getty Images
   hide caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Harnik/Getty Images

[173]D.C. plane and helicopter crash

[174]FAA data shows 30 near-misses at Reagan Airport

   [175]January 30, 2025  A commercial flight hit a military helicopter
   at Washington, D.C.'s Ronald Reagan National Airport Wednesday night.
   The airport has a history of crashes and near-misses going back
   decades.

Near-collisions at Reagan National Airport often involve military aircraft

   [176]Listen · 3:17 3:17
   [177]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [178]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5280427/nx-s1-5344548-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [179]Transcript

   [180]Protesters hold flags as they are pushed back by police on Jan. 6,
   2021, after President Trump supporters stormed the U.S. Capitol.

   Protesters hold flags as they are pushed back by police on Jan. 6,
   2021, after President Trump's supporters stormed the U.S. Capitol.
   Trump pardoned almost every person who participated in the riot. Julio
   Cortez/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Julio Cortez/AP

[181]Criminal records of Jan. 6 rioters pardoned by Trump include rape,
domestic violence

   [182]January 30, 2025  Dozens of Jan. 6 defendants who received
   pardons from President Trump had past criminal convictions for charges
   including rape, manslaughter, domestic violence and drug trafficking.

Criminal records of Jan. 6 rioters pardoned by Trump include rape, domestic
violence

   [183]Listen · 3:25 3:25
   [184]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [185]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5276336/nx-s1-5343512-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [186]Transcript

   [187]A photo collage of different people charged with violent offenses
   in the Jan. 6, 2021 riot.
   Connie Hanzhang Jin/NPR

[188]Politics

[189]Trump gave pardons to hundreds of violent Jan. 6 rioters. Here's what
they did

   [190]January 21, 2025  On his first day in the White House, President
   Donald Trump gave commutations and pardons to every defendant charged
   in the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol. Many assaulted police.

Trump issues Jan. 6 pardons

   [191]Listen · 7:18 7:18
   [192]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [193]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5268919/nx-s1-5333541-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [194]Transcript

   [195]A Super Scooper plane drops water on the Palisades fire on Jan. 7
   in Pacific Palisades, Calif.

   A Super Scooper plane drops water on the Palisades fire on Jan. 7 in
   Pacific Palisades, Calif. Brian van der Brug/Los Angeles Times via
   Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Brian van der Brug/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images

[196]California Wildfires

[197]'The hydrants up here are dead.' Radio traffic shows how LA firefighters
lost water

   [198]January 18, 2025  NPR transcribed more than 2,000 hours of radio
   communications from the LA fires. The analysis shows hydrants going dry
   and first responders fighting fires despite scarce resources.

LA Fires Water Woes

   [199]Listen · 6:51 6:51
   [200]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [201]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5262563/nx-s1-5329162-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [202]Transcript

   [203]WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 29: With wild fire smoke clouding the
   Washington Monument in the distance, U.S. President Joe Biden walks
   across the South Lawn as he leaves the White House for a day trip to
   New York City on June 29, 2023 in Washington, DC. Biden is traveling to
   New York for campaign fund raising and a television interview. (Photo
   by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)

   President Biden will leave office with a mixed legacy on Guantánamo.
   The prison, down to now down to just 15 prisoners, remains open. Chip
   Somodevilla/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

[204]National Security

[205]Biden's Guantánamo legacy 'one step forward, several steps backwards'

   [206]January 16, 2025  After some initial momentum and a few
   successes, Biden leaves office like his predecessors, with the prison
   at Guantánamo Bay open, and the 9/11 case unresolved.

Biden's Guantanamo Bay legacy

   [207]Listen · 4:57 4:57
   [208]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [209]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5252468/nx-s1-5324534-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [210]Transcript

   [211]More from Investigations
   (BUTTON) Load more stories
   [212]Browse archive or [213]search npr.org

Read & Listen

     * [214]Home
     * [215]News
     * [216]Culture
     * [217]Music
     * [218]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [219]Newsletters
     * [220]Facebook
     * [221]Instagram
     * [222]Press
     * [223]Public Editor
     * [224]Corrections
     * [225]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [226]Overview
     * [227]Diversity
     * [228]NPR Network
     * [229]Accessibility
     * [230]Ethics
     * [231]Finances

Get Involved

     * [232]Support Public Radio
     * [233]Sponsor NPR
     * [234]NPR Careers
     * [235]NPR Shop
     * [236]NPR Events
     * [237]NPR Extra

     * [238]Terms of Use
     * [239]Privacy
     * [240]Your Privacy Choices
     * [241]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [242]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/1001/rss.xml
   2. https://feeds.npr.org/1150/rss.xml
   3. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   4. https://www.npr.org/sections/investigations/#mainContent
   5. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   6. https://www.npr.org/
   7. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   8. https://shopnpr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  19. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  20. https://www.npr.org/books/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  26. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  27. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  28. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  29. https://www.npr.org/music/
  30. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  31. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  33. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  34. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  35. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  40. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  46. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  47. https://www.npr.org/search/
  48. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  49. https://shopnpr.org/
  50. https://www.npr.org/music/
  51. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  52. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  54. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  55. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  56. https://www.npr.org/about/
  57. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  58. https://www.npr.org/support/
  59. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  60. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  61. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  62. https://www.npr.org/newsletter/news
  63. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351768/trumps-va-is-ending-a-rescue-program-thats-saved-17-000-military-veterans-homes
  64. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351768/trumps-va-is-ending-a-rescue-program-thats-saved-17-000-military-veterans-homes
  65. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351768/trumps-va-is-ending-a-rescue-program-thats-saved-17-000-military-veterans-homes
  66. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5330879/trump-justice-doj-prosecutor-resignation-jan-6
  67. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5330879/trump-justice-doj-prosecutor-resignation-jan-6
  68. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/20/nx-s1-5330879/trump-justice-doj-prosecutor-resignation-jan-6
  69. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250320_atc_doj_prosecutor_decides_stay_or_resign.mp3?size=4972087&d=310713&e=nx-s1-5330879&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  70. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5330879
  71. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250320_atc_doj_prosecutor_decides_stay_or_resign.mp3?size=4972087&d=310713&e=nx-s1-5330879&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  72. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5330879
  73. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5319995/kingsley-wilson-antisemitic-comments-defense-department-pentagon
  74. https://x.com/DepPressSecDOD
  75. https://x.com/DepPressSecDOD
  76. https://x.com/DepPressSecDOD
  77. https://x.com/DepPressSecDOD
  78. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5319995/kingsley-wilson-antisemitic-comments-defense-department-pentagon
  79. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/06/nx-s1-5319995/kingsley-wilson-antisemitic-comments-defense-department-pentagon
  80. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5308218/south-carolina-firing-squad-execution-indoors
  81. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5308218/south-carolina-firing-squad-execution-indoors
  82. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/nx-s1-5308218/south-carolina-firing-squad-execution-indoors
  83. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250305_me_south_carolina_plans_to_carry_out_a_firing_squad_execution._is_it_safe_for_witnesses.mp3?size=3678921&d=229885&e=nx-s1-5308218&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  84. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5308218
  85. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250305_me_south_carolina_plans_to_carry_out_a_firing_squad_execution._is_it_safe_for_witnesses.mp3?size=3678921&d=229885&e=nx-s1-5308218&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  86. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5308218
  87. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/g-s1-51095/rural-schools-in-alaska-are-crumbling-the-state-is-the-likely-culprit
  88. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/g-s1-51095/rural-schools-in-alaska-are-crumbling-the-state-is-the-likely-culprit
  89. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/04/g-s1-51095/rural-schools-in-alaska-are-crumbling-the-state-is-the-likely-culprit
  90. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/1235624358/when-it-comes-to-harassment-are-federal-judges-above-the-law
  91. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510355/considerthis
  92. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/1235624358/when-it-comes-to-harassment-are-federal-judges-above-the-law
  93. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/1235624358/when-it-comes-to-harassment-are-federal-judges-above-the-law
  94. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR4214875015.mp3?d=702&size=11246490&e=1235624358&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  95. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1235624358
  96. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR4214875015.mp3?d=702&size=11246490&e=1235624358&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  97. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1235624358
  98. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5308020/dan-bongino-trump-fbi-director-conspiracies-podcast
  99. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5308020/dan-bongino-trump-fbi-director-conspiracies-podcast
 100. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/03/nx-s1-5308020/dan-bongino-trump-fbi-director-conspiracies-podcast
 101. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250305_atc_fbi_deputy_director_bongino.mp3?size=4327176&d=270408&e=nx-s1-5308020&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 102. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5308020
 103. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250305_atc_fbi_deputy_director_bongino.mp3?size=4327176&d=270408&e=nx-s1-5308020&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 104. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5308020
 105. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/01/nx-s1-5308054/court-judge-workers-protection-abuse
 106. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/01/nx-s1-5308054/court-judge-workers-protection-abuse
 107. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/01/nx-s1-5308054/court-judge-workers-protection-abuse
 108. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/nprpolitics/2025/03/20250301_nprpolitics_905acb8f-cf47-43db-9d1a-7e43a8a7943e.mp3?d=1659408&e=nx-s1-5308054&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 109. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/nprpolitics/2025/03/20250301_nprpolitics_905acb8f-cf47-43db-9d1a-7e43a8a7943e.mp3?d=1659408&e=nx-s1-5308054&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/26/g-s1-50862/the-search-for-the-missing-malaysian-airlines-flight-has-resumed-once-again
 111. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-41197/the-brief
 112. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/26/g-s1-50862/the-search-for-the-missing-malaysian-airlines-flight-has-resumed-once-again
 113. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/26/g-s1-50862/the-search-for-the-missing-malaysian-airlines-flight-has-resumed-once-again
 114. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/20/nx-s1-5304454/jan-6-pardons-drugs-firearms
 115. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/20/nx-s1-5304454/jan-6-pardons-drugs-firearms
 116. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/20/nx-s1-5304454/jan-6-pardons-drugs-firearms
 117. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/18/1232304351/will-new-yorks-mayor-survive-widening-scandal
 118. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510355/considerthis
 119. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/18/1232304351/will-new-yorks-mayor-survive-widening-scandal
 120. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/18/1232304351/will-new-yorks-mayor-survive-widening-scandal
 121. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR6063897386.mp3?d=602&size=9641945&e=1232304351&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 122. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1232304351
 123. https://chrt.fm/track/138C95/prfx.byspotify.com/e/play.podtrac.com/npr-510355/traffic.megaphone.fm/NPR6063897386.mp3?d=602&size=9641945&e=1232304351&t=podcast&p=510355&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 124. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/1232304351
 125. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/17/nx-s1-5282086/los-angeles-eaton-fire-altadena-power-lines
 126. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-41621/california-wildfires
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/17/nx-s1-5282086/los-angeles-eaton-fire-altadena-power-lines
 128. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/17/nx-s1-5282086/los-angeles-eaton-fire-altadena-power-lines
 129. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250217_atc_power_lines_sparked_new_fires_in_la_after_the_eaton_fire_began_radio_traffic_shows.mp3?size=6187930&d=386705&e=nx-s1-5282086&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 130. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5282086
 131. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250217_atc_power_lines_sparked_new_fires_in_la_after_the_eaton_fire_began_radio_traffic_shows.mp3?size=6187930&d=386705&e=nx-s1-5282086&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 132. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5282086
 133. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/12/nx-s1-5295046/guantanamo-aclu-lawsuit-dhs-migrants-trump
 134. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/12/nx-s1-5295046/guantanamo-aclu-lawsuit-dhs-migrants-trump
 135. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/12/nx-s1-5295046/guantanamo-aclu-lawsuit-dhs-migrants-trump
 136. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250214_me_aclu_and_other_advocates_sue_for_access_to_migrants_moved_to_guant_namo_bay.mp3?size=3421040&d=213776&e=nx-s1-5295046&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 137. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5295046
 138. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250214_me_aclu_and_other_advocates_sue_for_access_to_migrants_moved_to_guant_namo_bay.mp3?size=3421040&d=213776&e=nx-s1-5295046&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 139. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5295046
 140. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5293447/jan-6-evidence-captiol-riot-donald-trump
 141. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5293447/jan-6-evidence-captiol-riot-donald-trump
 142. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5293447/jan-6-evidence-captiol-riot-donald-trump
 143. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5290288/doge-savings-billions-contracts-musk-trump
 144. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5290288/doge-savings-billions-contracts-musk-trump
 145. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/11/nx-s1-5290288/doge-savings-billions-contracts-musk-trump
 146. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250211_atc_tracking_doge_update.mp3?size=3719045&d=232397&e=nx-s1-5290288&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 147. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5290288
 148. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250211_atc_tracking_doge_update.mp3?size=3719045&d=232397&e=nx-s1-5290288&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 149. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5290288
 150. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/06/nx-s1-5287708/trump-pardoned-jan-6-rioters-prosecutors-fbi-police
 151. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/06/nx-s1-5287708/trump-pardoned-jan-6-rioters-prosecutors-fbi-police
 152. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/06/nx-s1-5287708/trump-pardoned-jan-6-rioters-prosecutors-fbi-police
 153. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250206_atc_fbi_agents_and_prosecutors_fear_retribution_from_jan._6_rioters_pardoned_by_trump.mp3?size=3684355&d=230227&e=nx-s1-5287708&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 154. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5287708
 155. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/02/20250206_atc_fbi_agents_and_prosecutors_fear_retribution_from_jan._6_rioters_pardoned_by_trump.mp3?size=3684355&d=230227&e=nx-s1-5287708&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 156. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5287708
 157. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/04/nx-s1-5286579/donald-trump-migrants-guantanamo-legal-challenges-immigration
 158. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
 159. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/04/nx-s1-5286579/donald-trump-migrants-guantanamo-legal-challenges-immigration
 160. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/04/nx-s1-5286579/donald-trump-migrants-guantanamo-legal-challenges-immigration
 161. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250205_me_the_first_group_of_migrants_has_been_sent_to_guant_namo_but_legal_challenges_loom.mp3?size=3471614&d=216927&e=nx-s1-5286579&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 162. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5286579
 163. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/02/20250205_me_the_first_group_of_migrants_has_been_sent_to_guant_namo_but_legal_challenges_loom.mp3?size=3471614&d=216927&e=nx-s1-5286579&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 164. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5286579
 165. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/03/g-s1-45879/east-palestine-chemicals-two-years-later
 166. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/03/g-s1-45879/east-palestine-chemicals-two-years-later
 167. https://www.npr.org/2025/02/03/g-s1-45879/east-palestine-chemicals-two-years-later
 168. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280368/intellectual-disabilities-air-traffic-controllers-faa-trump
 169. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-45759/d-c-plane-and-helicopter-crash
 170. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280368/intellectual-disabilities-air-traffic-controllers-faa-trump
 171. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280368/intellectual-disabilities-air-traffic-controllers-faa-trump
 172. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280427/near-collisions-reagan-national-airport-military-aircraft-faa
 173. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-45759/d-c-plane-and-helicopter-crash
 174. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280427/near-collisions-reagan-national-airport-military-aircraft-faa
 175. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5280427/near-collisions-reagan-national-airport-military-aircraft-faa
 176. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250130_atc_near-collisions_at_reagan_national_airport_often_involve_military_aircraft.mp3?size=3160652&d=197499&e=nx-s1-5280427&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 177. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5280427
 178. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250130_atc_near-collisions_at_reagan_national_airport_often_involve_military_aircraft.mp3?size=3160652&d=197499&e=nx-s1-5280427&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 179. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5280427
 180. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5276336/donald-trump-jan-6-rape-assault-pardons-rioters
 181. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5276336/donald-trump-jan-6-rape-assault-pardons-rioters
 182. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/30/nx-s1-5276336/donald-trump-jan-6-rape-assault-pardons-rioters
 183. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/01/20250130_me_criminal_records_of_jan._6_rioters_pardoned_by_trump_include_rape_domestic_violence.mp3?size=3285622&d=205318&e=nx-s1-5276336&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 184. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5276336
 185. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/01/20250130_me_criminal_records_of_jan._6_rioters_pardoned_by_trump_include_rape_domestic_violence.mp3?size=3285622&d=205318&e=nx-s1-5276336&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 186. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5276336
 187. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/21/nx-s1-5268919/trump-issues-jan-6-pardons-attack-capitol-clemency
 188. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
 189. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/21/nx-s1-5268919/trump-issues-jan-6-pardons-attack-capitol-clemency
 190. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/21/nx-s1-5268919/trump-issues-jan-6-pardons-attack-capitol-clemency
 191. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250121_atc_trump_issues_jan._6_pardons.mp3?size=7020087&d=438713&e=nx-s1-5268919&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 192. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5268919
 193. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250121_atc_trump_issues_jan._6_pardons.mp3?size=7020087&d=438713&e=nx-s1-5268919&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 194. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5268919
 195. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/18/nx-s1-5262563/radio-traffic-la-fires-first-responders-water-shortage
 196. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-41621/california-wildfires
 197. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/18/nx-s1-5262563/radio-traffic-la-fires-first-responders-water-shortage
 198. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/18/nx-s1-5262563/radio-traffic-la-fires-first-responders-water-shortage
 199. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250118_atc_all_the_hydrants_up_here_are_dead._radio_traffic_recounts_la_firefighters_losing_water.mp3?size=6577886&d=411073&e=nx-s1-5262563&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 200. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5262563
 201. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250118_atc_all_the_hydrants_up_here_are_dead._radio_traffic_recounts_la_firefighters_losing_water.mp3?size=6577886&d=411073&e=nx-s1-5262563&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 202. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5262563
 203. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/16/nx-s1-5252468/guantanamo-biden-legacy
 204. https://www.npr.org/sections/national-security/
 205. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/16/nx-s1-5252468/guantanamo-biden-legacy
 206. https://www.npr.org/2025/01/16/nx-s1-5252468/guantanamo-biden-legacy
 207. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250116_atc_biden_s_guantanamo_bay_legacy.mp3?size=4767705&d=297937&e=nx-s1-5252468&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 208. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5252468
 209. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/01/20250116_atc_biden_s_guantanamo_bay_legacy.mp3?size=4767705&d=297937&e=nx-s1-5252468&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 210. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5252468
 211. https://www.npr.org/sections/investigations/archive?start=placeholder
 212. https://www.npr.org/sections/investigations/archive
 213. https://www.npr.org/search
 214. https://www.npr.org/
 215. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 216. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 217. https://www.npr.org/music/
 218. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 219. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 220. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 221. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 222. https://www.npr.org/press/
 223. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 224. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 225. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 226. https://www.npr.org/about/
 227. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 228. https://www.npr.org/network/
 229. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 230. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 231. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 232. https://www.npr.org/support/
 233. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 234. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 235. https://shopnpr.org/
 236. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 237. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 238. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 239. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 240. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 241. https://text.npr.org/
 242. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
