   #[1]Weekend Edition Sunday

   IFRAME: [2]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [3]Skip to main content
     * [4]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [5]NPR logo
     *
     * [6]Newsletters
     *
     * [7]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [8]Home
     * [9]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [10]National
          + [11]World
          + [12]Politics
          + [13]Business
          + [14]Health
          + [15]Science
          + [16]Climate
          + [17]Race
     * [18]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [19]Books
          + [20]Movies
          + [21]Television
          + [22]Pop Culture
          + [23]Food
          + [24]Art & Design
          + [25]Performing Arts
          + [26]Life Kit
          + [27]Gaming
     * [28]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [29]All Songs Considered
          + [30]Tiny Desk
          + [31]New Music Friday
          + [32]Music Features
          + [33]Live Sessions
     * [34]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [35]Morning Edition
          + [36]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [37]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [38]All Things Considered
          + [39]Fresh Air
          + [40]Up First
       Featured
          + [41]Embedded
          + [42]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [43]Throughline
          + [44]Trump's Terms
          + [45]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [46]Search
     * [47]Newsletters
     *
     * [48]NPR Shop

     * [49]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [50]All Songs Considered
     * [51]Tiny Desk
     * [52]New Music Friday
     * [53]Music Features
     * [54]Live Sessions

     * [55]About NPR
     * [56]Diversity
     * [57]Support
     * [58]Careers
     * [59]Press
     * [60]Ethics

   Weekend Edition Sunday Hear the Weekend Edition Sunday program for Mar
   30, 2025

Weekend Edition Sunday Weekend Edition Sunday

   (BUTTON)
     * [61]Latest Show
     * [62]About
     * [63]Staff
     * [64]Sunday Puzzle
     * [65]Contact
     * [66]Corrections

     * [67]Twitter
     * [68]Facebook

     * [69]Older
     * [70]browse past shows Show Archive
     * Newer

   Sunday, March 30, 2025

Sunday's Show

   [71]Listen · 5:48 5:48

   Listen to the lead story from this episode.

     * [72]Older
     * [73]browse past shows Show Archive
     * Newer

   Sunday, March 30, 2025

Sunday's Show

Politics

[74]Politics chat: Trump withdraws Elise Stefanik nomination, special
elections coming up

   by Eyder Peralta, Mara Liasson
   5 min

Politics chat: Trump withdraws Elise Stefanik nomination, special elections
coming up

   [75]Listen · 5:48 5:48
   [76]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [77]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5341313/nx-s1-5403840-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [78]Transcript

   [79]Law enforcement walk with Leonardo Fabian Cando Juntamay as he was
   detained in the Bronx during ICE-led operations to apprehend illegal
   immigrants on Jan. 28, 2025 in New York, NY. (Photo by Matt McClain/The
   Washington Post via Getty Images)

   Law enforcement walk with Leonardo Fabian Cando Juntamay as he was
   detained in the Bronx during ICE-led operations to apprehend illegal
   immigrants on Jan. 28, 2025 in New York, NY. Matt McClain/The
   Washington Post via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Matt McClain/The Washington Post via Getty Images

National

[80]Police say ICE tactics are eroding public trust in local law enforcement

   by Meg Anderson
   4 min

ICE RAIDS POLICE TRUST

   [81]Listen · 4:21 4:21
   [82]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [83]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5304236/nx-s1-5406074-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [84]Transcript

National

[85]The FDA will lose 3,500 jobs as part of the HHS cuts. How will this
impact you?

   by Yuki Noguchi, Eyder Peralta
   3 min

The FDA will lose 3,500 jobs as part of the HHS cuts. How will this impact
you?

   [86]Listen · 3:37 3:37
   [87]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [88]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5343646/nx-s1-5406945-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [89]Transcript

Politics

[90]Democrats far out-raise Republicans in Florida's special elections but
are likely to lose

   by Tristan Wood, Eyder Peralta
   4 min

Democrats far out-raise Republicans in Florida's special elections but are
likely to lose

   [91]Listen · 4:05 4:05
   [92]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [93]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342412/nx-s1-5404946-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [94]Transcript

Sports

[95]New bats help the New York Yankees set a franchise record of nine home
runs in a game

   by Eyder Peralta
   1 min

New bats help the New York Yankees set a franchise record of nine home runs
in a game

   [96]Listen · 1:09 1:09
   [97]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [98]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5344940/nx-s1-5407349-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [99]Transcript

Middle East

[100]A month since Israel's total blockade in Gaza, U.N. officials are
sounding the alarm

   by Aya Batrawy
   5 min

A month since Israel's total blockade in Gaza, U.N. officials are sounding
the alarm

   [101]Listen · 5:20 5:20
   [102]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [103]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5343644/nx-s1-5406418-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [104]Transcript

Environment

[105]Taking in the first signs of spring on a picnic in New York's Adirondack
Mountains

   by Brian Mann
   3 min

Taking in the first signs of spring on a picnic in New York's Adirondack
Mountains

   [106]Listen · 3:33 3:33
   [107]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [108]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5336336/nx-s1-5402561-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [109]Transcript

   [110]Sunday Puzzle

   Sunday Puzzle NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   NPR

Sunday Puzzle

[111]Sunday Puzzle: For French fanatics

   by Will Shortz
   5 min

PUZZLE 03302025

   [112]Listen · 5:35 5:35
   [113]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [114]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5341314/nx-s1-5403842-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [115]Transcript

   [116]Tom Basden, left, as Herb McGwyer, Carey Mulligan as Nell Mortimer
   and Tim Key as Charles in The Ballad of Wallis Island.

   Tom Basden, left, as Herb McGwyer, Carey Mulligan as Nell Mortimer and
   Tim Key as Charles in The Ballad of Wallis Island. /Focus Features hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   /Focus Features

Movie Reviews

[117]A folk legend gets a reunion he didn't sign up for in this melancholy
charmer

   by Bob Mondello
   3 min

A folk legend gets a reunion he didn't sign up for in this melancholy charmer

   [118]Listen · 3:23 3:23
   [119]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [120]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5338844/nx-s1-5402562-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [121]Transcript

The Americas

[122]Shakira's message of empowerment draws crowds to 7 sold-out shows in
Mexico City

   by Eyder Peralta
   6 min

Shakira's message of empowerment draws crowds to 7 sold-out shows in Mexico
City

   [123]Listen · 6:50 6:50
   [124]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [125]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5343516/nx-s1-5406485-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [126]Transcript

Asia

[127]After Trump's rift with NATO, Asian leaders wonder if they're next

   by Eyder Peralta
   5 min

After Trump's rift with NATO, Asian leaders wonder if they're next

   [128]Listen · 5:44 5:44
   [129]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [130]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5341511/nx-s1-5405456-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [131]Transcript

Business

[132]Trump is set to announce more tariffs. Data shows Americans are footing
the cost

   by Danielle Kurtzleben , Eyder Peralta
   4 min

Trump is set to announce more tariffs. Data shows Americans are footing the
cost

   [133]Listen · 4:22 4:22
   [134]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [135]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5338806/nx-s1-5405010-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [136]Transcript

Africa

[137]What Khartoum's takeover by the military means for Sudan's humanitarian
crisis

   by Eyder Peralta
   5 min

What Khartoum's takeover by the military means for Sudan's humanitarian
crisis

   [138]Listen · 5:28 5:28
   [139]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [140]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342587/nx-s1-5405168-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [141]Transcript

The Americas

[142]Turned away at the U.S. border, Latin American migrants are going home
via Panama

   by Eyder Peralta
   8 min

Turned away at the U.S. border, Latin American migrants are going home via
Panama

   [143]Listen · 8:03 8:03
   [144]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [145]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5324694/nx-s1-5402392-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [146]Transcript

Humor & Fun

[147]A retired executive shares 10 years' worth of his colleagues' verbal
gaffes

   by Eyder Peralta
   3 min

A retired executive shares 10 years' worth of his colleagues' verbal gaffes

   [148]Listen · 3:56 3:56
   [149]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [150]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342543/nx-s1-5405130-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [151]Transcript

   [152]Elizabeth Kenward, left, and “Rosie” Maxine Boeve giggle together
   during the Rosie the Riveter Congressional Gold Medal Commemoration at
   the World War II Museum in New Orleans, La., on Friday, March 21, 2025.

   Elizabeth Kenward, left, and "Rosie" Maxine Boeve giggle together
   during the Rosie the Riveter Congressional Gold Medal Commemoration at
   the World War II Museum in New Orleans, La., on Friday, March 21, 2025.
   Emily Kask/for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Emily Kask/for NPR

National

[153]Rosie the Riveters honored for service in WWII

   by Debbie Elliott
   7 min

Rosie the Riveters Honored

   [154]Listen · 7:04 7:04
   [155]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [156]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5332291/nx-s1-5402701-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [157]Transcript

Television

[158]Richard Kind on emceeing 'Everybody's Live with John Mulaney'

   by Eyder Peralta
   8 min

Richard Kind on emceeing 'Everybody's Live with John Mulaney'

   [159]Listen · 8:27 8:27
   [160]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [161]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5280358/nx-s1-5403312-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [162]Transcript

     * [163]Older
     * [164]browse past shows
     * Newer

Contact Us

   [165]Email The Show →

   [166]Join The Call-In →

     * [167]Older
     * [168]browse past shows Show Archive
     * Newer

   Sunday, March 30, 2025

Sunday's Show

Weekend Edition Sunday Weekend Edition Sunday

   (BUTTON)

Previous Shows

[169]Weekend Edition Sunday for March 23, 2025

[170]Weekend Edition Sunday for March 16, 2025

[171]Weekend Edition Sunday for March 9, 2025

[172]Weekend Edition Sunday for March 2, 2025

[173]Weekend Edition Sunday for February 23, 2025

   [174]Browse archive or [175]search npr.org

Read & Listen

     * [176]Home
     * [177]News
     * [178]Culture
     * [179]Music
     * [180]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [181]Newsletters
     * [182]Facebook
     * [183]Instagram
     * [184]Press
     * [185]Public Editor
     * [186]Corrections
     * [187]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [188]Overview
     * [189]Diversity
     * [190]NPR Network
     * [191]Accessibility
     * [192]Ethics
     * [193]Finances

Get Involved

     * [194]Support Public Radio
     * [195]Sponsor NPR
     * [196]NPR Careers
     * [197]NPR Shop
     * [198]NPR Events
     * [199]NPR Extra

     * [200]Terms of Use
     * [201]Privacy
     * [202]Your Privacy Choices
     * [203]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [204]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/10/rss.xml
   2. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   3. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/#mainContent
   4. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   5. https://www.npr.org/
   6. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   7. https://shopnpr.org/
   8. https://www.npr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  19. https://www.npr.org/books/
  20. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  26. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  27. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  28. https://www.npr.org/music/
  29. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  30. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  31. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  33. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  34. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  35. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  40. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  46. https://www.npr.org/search/
  47. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  48. https://shopnpr.org/
  49. https://www.npr.org/music/
  50. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  51. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  52. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  54. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  55. https://www.npr.org/about/
  56. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  57. https://www.npr.org/support/
  58. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  59. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  60. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  61. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday
  62. https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5010
  63. https://www.npr.org/2016/08/31/492124288/the-weekend-edition-staff
  64. https://www.npr.org/series/4473090/sunday-puzzle
  65. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/contact?show=Weekend+Edition+Sunday&request=Contact-an-NPR-show-or-podcast
  66. http://www.npr.org/templates/corrections/corrections.php?content=wesun
  67. https://twitter.com/NPRWeekend
  68. https://www.facebook.com/nprweekend
  69. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-23-2025
  70. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/archive
  71. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_politics_chat_trump_withdraws_elise_stefanik_nomination_special_elections_coming_up.mp3?size=5574366&d=348363&e=nx-s1-5341313&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  72. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-23-2025
  73. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/archive
  74. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5341313/politics-chat-trump-withdraws-elise-stefanik-nomination-special-elections-coming-up
  75. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_politics_chat_trump_withdraws_elise_stefanik_nomination_special_elections_coming_up.mp3?size=5574366&d=348363&e=nx-s1-5341313&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  76. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341313
  77. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_politics_chat_trump_withdraws_elise_stefanik_nomination_special_elections_coming_up.mp3?size=5574366&d=348363&e=nx-s1-5341313&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  78. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341313
  79. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5304236/police-say-ice-tactics-are-eroding-public-trust-in-local-law-enforcement
  80. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5304236/police-say-ice-tactics-are-eroding-public-trust-in-local-law-enforcement
  81. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_police_say_ice_tactics_are_eroding_public_trust_in_local_law_enforcement.mp3?size=4178800&d=261129&e=nx-s1-5304236&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  82. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5304236
  83. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_police_say_ice_tactics_are_eroding_public_trust_in_local_law_enforcement.mp3?size=4178800&d=261129&e=nx-s1-5304236&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  84. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5304236
  85. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343646/the-fda-will-lose-3-500-jobs-as-part-of-the-hhs-cuts-how-will-this-impact-you
  86. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_the_fda_will_lose_3_500_jobs_as_part_of_the_hhs_cuts._how_will_this_impact_you.mp3?size=3482898&d=217640&e=nx-s1-5343646&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  87. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343646
  88. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_the_fda_will_lose_3_500_jobs_as_part_of_the_hhs_cuts._how_will_this_impact_you.mp3?size=3482898&d=217640&e=nx-s1-5343646&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  89. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343646
  90. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5342412/democrats-far-out-raise-republicans-in-floridas-special-elections-but-are-likely-to-lose
  91. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_democrats_far_out-raise_republicans_in_florida_s_special_elections_but_are_likely_to_lose.mp3?size=3928025&d=245450&e=nx-s1-5342412&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  92. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342412
  93. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_democrats_far_out-raise_republicans_in_florida_s_special_elections_but_are_likely_to_lose.mp3?size=3928025&d=245450&e=nx-s1-5342412&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  94. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342412
  95. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5344940/new-bats-help-the-new-york-yankees-set-a-franchise-record-of-nine-home-runs-in-a-game
  96. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_new_bats_help_the_new_york_yankees_set_a_franchise_record_of_nine_home_runs_in_a_game.mp3?size=1110562&d=69358&e=nx-s1-5344940&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  97. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5344940
  98. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_new_bats_help_the_new_york_yankees_set_a_franchise_record_of_nine_home_runs_in_a_game.mp3?size=1110562&d=69358&e=nx-s1-5344940&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  99. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5344940
 100. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343644/a-month-since-israels-total-blockade-in-gaza-u-n-officials-are-sounding-the-alarm
 101. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_a_month_since_israel_s_total_blockade_in_gaza_u.n._officials_and_doctors_on_the_ground.mp3?size=5127150&d=320404&e=nx-s1-5343644&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 102. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343644
 103. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_a_month_since_israel_s_total_blockade_in_gaza_u.n._officials_and_doctors_on_the_ground.mp3?size=5127150&d=320404&e=nx-s1-5343644&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 104. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343644
 105. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5336336/taking-in-the-first-signs-of-spring-on-a-picnic-in-new-yorks-adirondack-mountains
 106. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_taking_in_the_first_signs_of_spring_on_a_picnic_in_new_york_s_adirondack_mountains.mp3?size=3421040&d=213773&e=nx-s1-5336336&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 107. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336336
 108. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_taking_in_the_first_signs_of_spring_on_a_picnic_in_new_york_s_adirondack_mountains.mp3?size=3421040&d=213773&e=nx-s1-5336336&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 109. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5336336
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5341314/sunday-puzzle-for-french-fanatics
 111. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5341314/sunday-puzzle-for-french-fanatics
 112. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_sunday_puzzle_for_french_fanatics.mp3?size=5369148&d=335528&e=nx-s1-5341314&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 113. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341314
 114. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_sunday_puzzle_for_french_fanatics.mp3?size=5369148&d=335528&e=nx-s1-5341314&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 115. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341314
 116. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5338844/the-ballad-of-wallis-island-review-carey-mulligan-tim-key-tom-basden
 117. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5338844/the-ballad-of-wallis-island-review-carey-mulligan-tim-key-tom-basden
 118. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_review-the_ballad_of_wallis_island.mp3?size=3249259&d=203048&e=nx-s1-5338844&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 119. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338844
 120. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_review-the_ballad_of_wallis_island.mp3?size=3249259&d=203048&e=nx-s1-5338844&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 121. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338844
 122. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343516/shakiras-message-of-empowerment-draws-crowds-to-7-sold-out-shows-in-mexico-city
 123. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_shakira_s_message_of_empowerment_draws_crowds_to_7_sold-out_shows_in_mexico_city.mp3?size=6570363&d=410599&e=nx-s1-5343516&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 124. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343516
 125. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_shakira_s_message_of_empowerment_draws_crowds_to_7_sold-out_shows_in_mexico_city.mp3?size=6570363&d=410599&e=nx-s1-5343516&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 126. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343516
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5341511/after-trumps-rift-with-nato-asian-leaders-wonder-if-theyre-next
 128. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_asia_trump.mp3?size=5518778&d=344877&e=nx-s1-5341511&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 129. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341511
 130. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_asia_trump.mp3?size=5518778&d=344877&e=nx-s1-5341511&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 131. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5341511
 132. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5338806/trump-is-set-to-announce-more-tariffs-data-shows-americans-are-footing-the-cost
 133. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_who_pays_tariffs.mp3?size=4203878&d=262689&e=nx-s1-5338806&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 134. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338806
 135. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_who_pays_tariffs.mp3?size=4203878&d=262689&e=nx-s1-5338806&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 136. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5338806
 137. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5342587/what-khartoums-takeover-by-the-military-means-for-sudans-humanitarian-crisis
 138. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_aid_and_sudan.mp3?size=5252120&d=328221&e=nx-s1-5342587&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 139. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342587
 140. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_aid_and_sudan.mp3?size=5252120&d=328221&e=nx-s1-5342587&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 141. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342587
 142. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5324694/turned-away-at-the-u-s-border-latin-american-migrants-are-going-home-via-panama
 143. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_panama-dealing_with_reverse_migrants.mp3?size=7735215&d=483404&e=nx-s1-5324694&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 144. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5324694
 145. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_panama-dealing_with_reverse_migrants.mp3?size=7735215&d=483404&e=nx-s1-5324694&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 146. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5324694
 147. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5342543/a-retired-executive-shares-10-years-worth-of-his-colleagues-verbal-gaffes
 148. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_ford_verbal_flubs.mp3?size=3779649&d=236184&e=nx-s1-5342543&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 149. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342543
 150. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_ford_verbal_flubs.mp3?size=3779649&d=236184&e=nx-s1-5342543&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 151. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342543
 152. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5332291/rosie-the-riveters-honored-for-service-in-wwii
 153. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5332291/rosie-the-riveters-honored-for-service-in-wwii
 154. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_rosie_the_riveters_honored.mp3?size=6788538&d=424254&e=nx-s1-5332291&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 155. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5332291
 156. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_rosie_the_riveters_honored.mp3?size=6788538&d=424254&e=nx-s1-5332291&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 157. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5332291
 158. https://www.npr.org/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5280358/richard-kind-on-emceeing-everybodys-live-with-john-mulaney
 159. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_tv_everybody_s_live_with_john_mulaney.mp3?size=8113468&d=507039&e=nx-s1-5280358&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 160. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5280358
 161. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesun/2025/03/20250330_wesun_tv_everybody_s_live_with_john_mulaney.mp3?size=8113468&d=507039&e=nx-s1-5280358&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 162. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5280358
 163. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-23-2025
 164. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/archive
 165. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/contact?request=Contact-an-NPR-show-or-podcast&show=Weekend Edition Sunday
 166. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/564623960/contribute-to-the-call-in-on-weekend-edition-sunday
 167. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-23-2025
 168. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/archive
 169. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-23-2025?showDate=2025-03-23
 170. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/16/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-16-2025?showDate=2025-03-16
 171. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/09/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-09-2025?showDate=2025-03-09
 172. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/03/02/weekend-edition-sunday-for-march-02-2025?showDate=2025-03-02
 173. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/2025/02/23/weekend-edition-sunday-for-february-23-2025?showDate=2025-02-23
 174. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/archive
 175. https://www.npr.org/search
 176. https://www.npr.org/
 177. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 178. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 179. https://www.npr.org/music/
 180. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 181. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 182. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 183. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 184. https://www.npr.org/press/
 185. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 186. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 187. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 188. https://www.npr.org/about/
 189. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 190. https://www.npr.org/network/
 191. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 192. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 193. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 194. https://www.npr.org/support/
 195. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 196. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 197. https://shopnpr.org/
 198. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 199. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 200. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 201. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 202. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 203. https://text.npr.org/
 204. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
