   #[1]News [2]Health

   IFRAME: [3]https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M

   Accessibility links
     * [4]Skip to main content
     * [5]Keyboard shortcuts for audio player

     * (BUTTON) Open Navigation Menu
     * [6]NPR logo
     *
     * [7]Newsletters
     *
     * [8]NPR Shop
     *

   (BUTTON) Close Navigation Menu
     * [9]Home
     * [10]News (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for News
          + [11]National
          + [12]World
          + [13]Politics
          + [14]Business
          + [15]Health
          + [16]Science
          + [17]Climate
          + [18]Race
     * [19]Culture (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Culture
          + [20]Books
          + [21]Movies
          + [22]Television
          + [23]Pop Culture
          + [24]Food
          + [25]Art & Design
          + [26]Performing Arts
          + [27]Life Kit
          + [28]Gaming
     * [29]Music (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Music
          + [30]All Songs Considered
          + [31]Tiny Desk
          + [32]New Music Friday
          + [33]Music Features
          + [34]Live Sessions
     * [35]Podcasts & Shows (BUTTON) Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts
       & Shows
       Daily
          + [36]Morning Edition
          + [37]Weekend Edition Saturday
          + [38]Weekend Edition Sunday
          + [39]All Things Considered
          + [40]Fresh Air
          + [41]Up First
       Featured
          + [42]Embedded
          + [43]The NPR Politics Podcast
          + [44]Throughline
          + [45]Trump's Terms
          + [46]More Podcasts & Shows
     * [47]Search
     * [48]Newsletters
     *
     * [49]NPR Shop

     * [50]NPR Music NPR Music
     * [51]All Songs Considered
     * [52]Tiny Desk
     * [53]New Music Friday
     * [54]Music Features
     * [55]Live Sessions

     * [56]About NPR
     * [57]Diversity
     * [58]Support
     * [59]Careers
     * [60]Press
     * [61]Ethics

   Health Health

Health

   (BUTTON)
     * [62]Shots Health Blog
     * [63]Your Health
     * [64]Health Care
     * [65]Global Health
     * [66]Science

     * [67]Subscribe to Health Newsletter

   [68]Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills
   for 20 million people.

   Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills for
   20 million people. DNY59/Getty Images/E+ hide caption
   toggle caption
   DNY59/Getty Images/E+

[69]Shots - Health News

[70]Major deal wipes out $30 billion in medical debt. Even backers say it's
not enough

   [71]April 4, 2025  Undue Medical Debt is retiring unpaid medical bills
   for 20 million people. The debt trading company that owned them is
   leaving the market.

Major deal wipes out $30 billion in medical debt. Even backers say it’s not
enough

   [72]Listen · 2:53 2:53
   [73]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [74]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5349500/nx-s1-5411930-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [75]Transcript

   [76]The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as
   well as staffing cuts.

   The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as well
   as staffing cuts. Alex Brandon/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Alex Brandon/AP

[77]Shots - Health News

[78]On top of layoffs, HHS ordered to cut 35% of spending on contracts

   [79]April 3, 2025  Federal health agencies have to slash their
   spending on contracts by more than a third, on top of the 10,000-person
   staffing cuts which started this week.

   [80]Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during the
   inauguration ceremony on the steps of the Alabama State Capital in
   Montgomery on Jan. 16, 2023 . A federal judge ruled that Marshall's
   office cannot prosecute groups or individuals that assist Alabama
   residents seeking abortions in other states.

   Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during inauguration
   ceremonies on the steps of the state capitol in Montgomery, Ala. on
   Jan. 16, 2023. Butch Dill/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Butch Dill/AP

[81]Shots - Health News

[82]Judge rules Alabama can't prosecute groups helping patients get abortions
elsewhere

Gulf States Newsroom

   [83]April 3, 2025  Although most abortions remain illegal in Alabama,
   the decision allows doctors and advocacy groups to tell patients about
   abortion options in other states, and help with travel and other costs

Judge says Alabama can’t prosecute those who help people get abortions in
other states

   [84]Listen · 4:04 4:04
   [85]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [86]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5351033/nx-s1-5409764-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [87]Transcript

   Sponsor Message

Shots - Health News

   [88]
   Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills for
   20 million people.

   Undue Medical Debt is retiring $30 billion in unpaid medical bills for
   20 million people. DNY59/Getty Images/E+ hide caption
   toggle caption
   DNY59/Getty Images/E+

Major deal wipes out $30 billion in medical debt. Even backers say it's not
enough

   [89]
   The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as well
   as staffing cuts.

   The Department of Health and Human Services is facing spending as well
   as staffing cuts. Alex Brandon/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Alex Brandon/AP

On top of layoffs, HHS ordered to cut 35% of spending on contracts

   [90]
   Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during the inauguration
   ceremony on the steps of the Alabama State Capital in Montgomery on
   Jan. 16, 2023 . A federal judge ruled that Marshall's office cannot
   prosecute groups or individuals that assist Alabama residents seeking
   abortions in other states.

   Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall speaks during inauguration
   ceremonies on the steps of the state capitol in Montgomery, Ala. on
   Jan. 16, 2023. Butch Dill/AP hide caption
   toggle caption
   Butch Dill/AP

Judge rules Alabama can't prosecute groups helping patients get abortions
elsewhere

   [91]View more

   [92]Sugary drinks including so

   Sugary drinks including soda are the leading source of added sugars in
   the American diet. RapidEye/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   RapidEye/Getty Images

[93]Shots - Health News

[94]RFK Jr. wants to stop people using SNAP benefits to buy soda. Will it
help?

   [95]April 3, 2025  Nutritionists agree reducing the amount of sugar
   people consume would be good for the Nation's health. But the plan to
   block people from using food assistance to buy soda is getting mixed
   reviews.

Will restricting SNAP benefits stop people from drinking soda?

   [96]Listen · 4:06 4:06
   [97]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [98]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5349657/nx-s1-5410060-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [99]Transcript

   [100]Misinformation about fentanyl exposure threatens to undermine
   overdose response
   Douglas Sacha/Getty Images/Moment RF

[101]Shots - Health News

[102]Misinformation about fentanyl exposure threatens to undermine overdose
response

   [103]April 3, 2025  Fentanyl overdoses occur from ingesting the
   synthetic opioid. But popular culture has misrepresented the risks to
   first responders.

   [104]Among the thousands of layoffs at the U.S. Department of Health
   and Human Services this week were many staff who handled public records
   requests under the Freedom of Information Act.

   Among the thousands of layoffs at the U.S. Department of Health and
   Human Services this week were many staff who handled public records
   requests under the Freedom of Information Act. Kayla Bartkowski/Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[105]Shots - Health News

[106]After promising transparency, RFK guts public records teams at HHS

   [107]April 3, 2025  Despite promises for "radical transparency,"
   Health and Human Services Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. laid off many
   staff on teams that fulfill public records requests at health agencies.

   [108]Kellen Hedler leads his fellow classmates at Frontier Elementary
   School near Oklahoma City. Kellen has Down syndrome, a genetic
   condition that causes a range of physical and developmental challenges.

   Kellen Hedler leads his fellow classmates at Frontier Elementary School
   near Oklahoma City. Kellen has Down syndrome, a genetic condition that
   causes a range of physical and developmental challenges. Katrina Ward
   for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Katrina Ward for NPR

[109]Education

[110]How the Education Department helps students with disabilities get an
education

   [111]April 3, 2025  Special education laws and the U.S. Department of
   Education have evolved together over nearly five decades. Now, the
   Trump administration seems to want to separate the two.

   [112]Calvin "CJ" Dickey Jr. is seen on a cruise with his family in
   2023.

   Calvin "CJ" Dickey Jr. is seen on a cruise with his family in 2023. He
   died July 12, 2024, after his first football practice at Bucknell
   University. Calvin and Nicole Dickey hide caption
   toggle caption
   Calvin and Nicole Dickey

[113]National

[114]Parents sue Bucknell alleging hazing led to freshman football player's
death

   [115]April 2, 2025  Freshman Calvin "CJ" Dickey Jr., died after his
   first practice at the university. His parents are suing the school,
   also alleging staff neglected to account for his sickle cell trait
   during training.

   [116]New tests of blood and spinal fluid could help doctors quickly
   identify patients who would most benefit from treatment.

   New tests of blood and spinal fluid could help doctors quickly identify
   patients who would most benefit from treatment. Andrew Brookes/Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Brookes/Getty Images

[117]Shots - Health News

[118]Latest Alzheimer's lab tests focus on memory loss, not brain plaques

   [119]April 2, 2025  New tests of blood and spinal fluid can identify
   people experiencing memory loss from Alzheimer's disease.

Predicting cognitive decline in Alzheimer's

   [120]Listen · 3:55 3:55
   [121]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [122]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-57688/nx-s1-5406300-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [123]Transcript

   Sponsor Message

   [124]This photo shows the Supreme Court building in the background and
   landscaping with pink flowers in the foreground.

   The Supreme Court hears arguments Wednesday in a case that tests
   whether South Carolina can remove Planned Parenthood clinics from its
   state Medicaid program, even though Medicaid funds cannot generally be
   used to fund abortions. Andrew Harnik/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Andrew Harnik/Getty Images

[125]Law

[126]Supreme Court to decide if states can strip Planned Parenthood of
Medicaid funds

   [127]April 2, 2025  At issue is whether a state, in this case, South
   Carolina, can remove Planned Parenthood clinics from its state Medicaid
   program, even though Medicaid funds cannot generally be used to fund
   abortions.

Supreme Court to decide if states can strip Planned Parenthood of Medicaid
funds

   [128]Listen · 4:57 4:57
   [129]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [130]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5335626/nx-s1-5409989-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [131]Transcript

   [132]Meals on Wheels, which delivers food to homebound seniors, is
   among the programs for the elderly and disabled now at risk now because
   federal agencies have fired staff who administer them.

   Meals on Wheels, which delivers food to homebound seniors, is among the
   programs for the elderly and disabled now at risk now because federal
   agencies have fired staff who administer them. Amy Sancetta/AP hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Amy Sancetta/AP

[133]Shots - Health News

[134]HHS layoffs hit Meals on Wheels and other services for seniors and
disabled

   [135]April 1, 2025  Staff that administer programs to help the
   elderly, disabled people and poor families with basic needs lost their
   jobs amid the Trump administration's layoffs.

   [136]Employees of the Department of Health and Human Services stand in
   line to enter the Mary E. Switzer Memorial Building on April 01, 2025
   in Washington, DC. Widespread layoffs began Tuesday across the agency.

   Employees of the Department of Health and Human Services stand in line
   to enter the Mary E. Switzer Memorial Building on April 01, 2025 in
   Washington, DC. Widespread layoffs began Tuesday across the agency.
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Kayla Bartkowski/Getty Images

[137]Shots - Health News

[138]Widespread firings start at federal health agencies including many in
leadership

   [139]April 1, 2025  Staffers began receiving termination notices this
   morning as part of a major restructuring at HHS. Some senior leadership
   are on their way out too.

Widespread firings start at federal health agencies including many in
leadership

   [140]Listen · 4:02 4:02
   [141]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [142]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-57485/nx-s1-5409788-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [143]Transcript

   [144]Rescue teams are seen in the rubble where a building collapsed in
   Bangkok after an earthquake.

   Rescue teams are seen at a site where a building collapsed in Bangkok
   on March 28 after an earthquake. The powerful earthquake rocked central
   Myanmar, buckling roads in the capital Naypyidaw, damaging buildings
   and affecting neighboring Thailand as well, where people fled into the
   streets for safety. Lillian Suwanrumpha/AFP via Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Lillian Suwanrumpha/AFP via Getty Images

[145]Goats and Soda

[146]What kind of support is the U.S. offering in the wake of the Myanmar
quake?

   [147]April 1, 2025  The White House and former USAID staff have
   differing views on the nature of the U.S. response to the earthquake
   that struck Myanmar and neighboring countries.

China and other countries step up aid efforts following deadly Myanmar quake

   [148]Listen · 2:38 2:38
   [149]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [150]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-57335/nx-s1-5408188-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [151]Transcript

   [152]Thyme for some healing soup recipes from around the world

[153]Goats and Soda

[154]Thyme for some healing soup recipes from around the world

   [155]April 1, 2025  Every culture has its own special soup. The belief
   is that a bowl will make you feel better if you're feeling under the
   weather, hung over or just in need of a pick-me-up.

Salt-less Jamaican soup a 'transformational' experience

   [156]Listen · 5:43 5:43
   [157]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [158]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-55999/nx-s1-5410005-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [159]Transcript

   [160]Amanda Cruz took care of her mother, who died of cancer late last
   year. The experience changed her sense of self. She is still sorting
   through what that means.

   Amanda Cruz took care of her mother, who died of cancer late last year.
   The experience changed her sense of identity. She is still sorting
   through what that means. Laura Bilson for NPR hide caption
   toggle caption
   Laura Bilson for NPR

[161]What It Takes

[162]Caregiving can test you, body and soul. It can also unlock a new sense
of self

   [163]April 1, 2025  Helping a sick family member over months or years
   can be an enormous strain. It can also disrupt your identity.
   Psychologists say embracing this change can open up new ways for
   caregivers to cope.

   [164]Crumbling trust in American institutions: A MAHA activist takes on
   Girl Scout cookies
   Ted Fitzgerald/MediaNews Group/Boston Herald via Getty Images

[165]Planet Money

[166]Crumbling trust in American institutions: A MAHA activist takes on Girl
Scout cookies

   [167]April 1, 2025  A controversial study raised the specter that Girl
   Scout cookies are unsafe. Authorities say they are safe, but the whole
   saga highlights a breakdown of trust in American institutions.

   [168]A man's hand is shown throwing a pair of red dice.

   Opportunities for legal gambling have exploded since a 2018 Supreme
   Court decision. But research on gambling addiction and treatment for
   the problem lags. PM Images/Digital Vision/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   PM Images/Digital Vision/Getty Images

[169]Living Better

[170]Do you know the red flags for problem gambling?

   [171]April 1, 2025  Preoccupation with betting or casino games may be
   an early sign of developing an addiction to gambling.

How to spot when sports gambling is becoming a problem

   [172]Listen · 3:24 3:24
   [173]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [174]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5345914/nx-s1-5405912-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [175]Transcript

   [176]A midwife assesses a pregnant woman at a mobile health clinic in
   Bagrami District, Kabul Province, Afghanistan, on Monday, Oct. 31,
   2022. Afghanistan's economy has been in free fall since Taliban
   takeover of power August last year after an abrupt cut in international
   aid, which accounted for 40% of its gross domestic product and 75% of
   total government spending, and the UN says more than half the country's
   population or 20 million are facing acute hunger.

   A midwife assesses a pregnant woman at a mobile health clinic in
   Afghanistan. In the wake of the freeze of USAID, some 200 clinics in
   the country have had to close. Midwives told NPR that it's now more
   difficult for pregnant women, especially in remote areas, to get
   medical care in case of a crisis. Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg via Getty
   Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg via Getty Images

[177]Goats and Soda

[178]A midwife says of the aid cuts in Afghanistan: 'No one prioritizes
women's lives.'

   [179]March 31, 2025  With the abrupt shutdown of USAID funding, many
   clinics, including those serving women in remote areas, have shuttered.
   Midwives are reporting that mothers and babies are dying as a result.

More babies and mothers are dying in Afghanistan after USAID cuts, midwives
say

   [180]Listen · 3:54 3:54
   [181]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [182]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/g-s1-56594/nx-s1-5401365-1"
       width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR
       embedded audio player">
     * [183]Transcript

   [184]Dr. Jean Kaseya, director general of the Africa Centres for
   Disease Control and Prevention, photographed at NPR headquarters during
   a visit to Washington, D.C., in March. In the wake of the Trump
   administration's foreign aid cuts, he says, “My message to my
   colleagues and my friends in the U.S.: We are open. If they are looking
   for friends, Africa is there."

   Dr. Jean Kaseya, director general of the Africa Centres for Disease
   Control and Prevention, photographed at NPR headquarters during a visit
   to Washington, D.C., in March. In the wake of the Trump
   administration's foreign aid cuts, he tells colleagues: "It's like you
   are a child. You had a wealthy father. One day, you wake up and they
   say, 'Oh, your father had an accident. He passed on.' Then you have to
   survive. You have to find a way to survive." Ben de la Cruz/NPR hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Ben de la Cruz/NPR

[185]Goats and Soda

[186]The head of Africa CDC thought news of a U.S. aid freeze must be 'a
joke.' Now what?

   [187]March 31, 2025  Dr. Jean Kaseya is now figuring out how to cope
   with the new foreign aid landscape.

   [188]President Donald Trump, joined by Health and Human Services
   Secretary Robert F. Kennedy Jr. (L) and Commerce Secretary Howard
   Lutnick (R), signs an executive order on February 25, 2025 on price
   transparency requirements for the health care industry.

   President Trump, joined by Health and Human Services Secretary Robert
   F. Kennedy Jr. (left) and Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick (right),
   signs an executive order on Feb. 25 on price transparency requirements
   for the health care industry. Alex Wong/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Alex Wong/Getty Images

[189]Shots - Health News

[190]How much will that surgery cost? Hospital price lists remain largely
unhelpful

   [191]March 31, 2025  Health care price transparency is one of the few
   bipartisan issues in Washington, D.C. But much of the information is
   not helpful to patients, and there's no evidence that it's lowering
   costs.

   [192]The site of a former lead and zinc mine in Kabwe, Zambia. Thirty
   years after the closure of the mine, the land remains highly
   contaminated, yet artisanal miners continue to work here, exposing
   themselves daily to dangerously high levels of lead.

   The site of a former lead and zinc mine in Kabwe, Zambia. Thirty years
   after the closure of the mine, the land remains highly contaminated —
   and artisanal miners continue to work here, exposing themselves daily
   to dangerously high levels of lead. Tommy Trenchard for NPR hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Tommy Trenchard for NPR

[193]Goats and Soda

[194]This may be the most lead polluted place on Earth. Is there any hope?

   [195]March 30, 2025  The U.N. has identified Kabwe, a city of almost
   300,000 people in Zambia, as one of the most polluted places on the
   planet. Who is to blame? And can justice be done?

   [196]As measles cases continue to rise, some parents are asking if
   their kids can get vaccinated early.

   As measles cases continue to rise, some parents are asking if their
   kids can get vaccinated early. Karl Tapales/Moment RF/Getty Images hide
   caption
   toggle caption
   Karl Tapales/Moment RF/Getty Images

[197]Shots - Health News

[198]As measles cases rise, some parents become vaccine enthusiasts

   [199]March 30, 2025  Vaccine hesitancy has been growing in the U.S. in
   recent years. But as Texas measles cases rise and other states also
   report outbreaks, some parents want their kids to get their shots
   early.

Measles Sparks Vaccine Enthusiasm

   [200]Listen · 3:20 3:20
   [201]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [202]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5343997/nx-s1-5405106-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [203]Transcript

   [204]Michigan State beat Ole Miss in the Sweet 16 round of March
   Madness on Friday in Atlanta. The sheer number of games to bet on in a
   short time makes the NCAA tournament popular with legal sportsbook
   games.

   Michigan State beat Ole Miss in the Sweet 16 round of March Madness on
   Friday in Atlanta. The sheer number of games to bet on in a short time
   makes the NCAA tournament popular with legal sportsbook games. Grant
   Halverson/NCAA Photos via Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Grant Halverson/NCAA Photos via Getty Images

[205]Shots - Health News

[206]March Madness is a season for betting, but help for problem gambling is
hard to find

   [207]March 29, 2025  For people with gambling disorder, the
   proliferation of gambling opportunities makes it difficult to fight
   their addiction. Investment in treatment lags behind other addiction
   disorders.

Experts worry about a lack of addiction treatments as legalized sports
betting grows

   [208]Listen · 3:53 3:53
   [209]Transcript (BUTTON) Toggle more options
     * [210]Download
     * (BUTTON) Embed
       (BUTTON) Embed <iframe src="https:/ <iframe
       src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5342574/nx-s1-5396579-1
       " width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"
       title="NPR embedded audio player">
     * [211]Transcript

   [212]Dr. Peter Marks has long steered the Food and Drug
   Administration's regulation of vaccines.

   Dr. Peter Marks has long steered the Food and Drug Administration's
   regulation of vaccines. Greg Nash/POOL/AFP/Getty Images hide caption
   toggle caption
   Greg Nash/POOL/AFP/Getty Images

[213]Shots - Health News

[214]The top FDA vaccine official is forced out, cites RFK Jr.'s
'misinformation and lies'

   [215]March 28, 2025  A top vaccine advisor at the FDA was forced to
   resign on Friday. In his resignation letter, Dr. Peter Marks wrote
   "truth and transparency are not desired," by HHS Secretary Robert F.
   Kennedy Jr.
   [216]More from Health
   (BUTTON) Load more stories
   [217]Browse archive or [218]search npr.org

Read & Listen

     * [219]Home
     * [220]News
     * [221]Culture
     * [222]Music
     * [223]Podcasts & Shows

Connect

     * [224]Newsletters
     * [225]Facebook
     * [226]Instagram
     * [227]Press
     * [228]Public Editor
     * [229]Corrections
     * [230]Contact & Help

About NPR

     * [231]Overview
     * [232]Diversity
     * [233]NPR Network
     * [234]Accessibility
     * [235]Ethics
     * [236]Finances

Get Involved

     * [237]Support Public Radio
     * [238]Sponsor NPR
     * [239]NPR Careers
     * [240]NPR Shop
     * [241]NPR Events
     * [242]NPR Extra

     * [243]Terms of Use
     * [244]Privacy
     * [245]Your Privacy Choices
     * [246]Text Only
     *

   Sponsor Message

   Sponsor Message

   [247]Become an NPR sponsor

References

   1. https://feeds.npr.org/1001/rss.xml
   2. https://feeds.npr.org/1128/rss.xml
   3. https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-MVD397M
   4. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/#mainContent
   5. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/article?name=what-are-the-keyboard-shortcuts-for-using-the-npr-org-audio-player
   6. https://www.npr.org/
   7. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
   8. https://shopnpr.org/
   9. https://www.npr.org/
  10. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
  11. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
  12. https://www.npr.org/sections/world/
  13. https://www.npr.org/sections/politics/
  14. https://www.npr.org/sections/business/
  15. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/
  16. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  17. https://www.npr.org/sections/climate/
  18. https://www.npr.org/sections/codeswitch/
  19. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
  20. https://www.npr.org/books/
  21. https://www.npr.org/sections/movies/
  22. https://www.npr.org/sections/television/
  23. https://www.npr.org/sections/pop-culture/
  24. https://www.npr.org/sections/food/
  25. https://www.npr.org/sections/art-design/
  26. https://www.npr.org/sections/performing-arts/
  27. https://www.npr.org/lifekit/
  28. https://www.npr.org/sections/gaming/
  29. https://www.npr.org/music/
  30. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  31. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  32. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  33. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  34. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  35. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  36. https://www.npr.org/programs/morning-edition/
  37. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-saturday/
  38. https://www.npr.org/programs/weekend-edition-sunday/
  39. https://www.npr.org/programs/all-things-considered/
  40. https://www.npr.org/programs/fresh-air/
  41. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510318/up-first/
  42. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
  43. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510310/npr-politics-podcast
  44. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510333/throughline
  45. https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510374/trumps-terms
  46. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows/
  47. https://www.npr.org/search/
  48. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
  49. https://shopnpr.org/
  50. https://www.npr.org/music/
  51. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/
  52. https://www.npr.org/series/tiny-desk-concerts/
  53. https://www.npr.org/sections/allsongs/606254804/new-music-friday
  54. https://www.npr.org/sections/music-features
  55. https://www.npr.org/series/770565791/npr-music-live-sessions
  56. https://www.npr.org/about/
  57. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
  58. https://www.npr.org/support/
  59. https://www.npr.org/careers/
  60. https://www.npr.org/series/750003/press-room/
  61. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
  62. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  63. https://www.npr.org/sections/your-health/
  64. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-care/
  65. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
  66. https://www.npr.org/sections/science/
  67. https://www.npr.org/newsletter/health
  68. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  69. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  70. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  71. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  72. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250404_me_major_deal_wipes_out_30_billion_in_medical_debt._even_backers_say_it_s_not_enough.mp3?size=2780309&d=173727&e=nx-s1-5349500&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  73. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349500
  74. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250404_me_major_deal_wipes_out_30_billion_in_medical_debt._even_backers_say_it_s_not_enough.mp3?size=2780309&d=173727&e=nx-s1-5349500&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  75. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349500
  76. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  77. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  78. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  79. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  80. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  81. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  82. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  83. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  84. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_alabama_abortion_ruling.mp3?size=3909217&d=244291&e=nx-s1-5351033&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  85. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5351033
  86. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_alabama_abortion_ruling.mp3?size=3909217&d=244291&e=nx-s1-5351033&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  87. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5351033
  88. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/04/nx-s1-5349500/major-deal-wipes-out-30-billion-in-medical-debt-even-backers-say-its-not-enough
  89. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-58145/hhs-fda-cdc-cuts-spending
  90. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5351033/alabama-abortion-prosecution-steve-marshall-yellowhammer-wawc
  91. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  92. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
  93. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
  94. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
  95. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349657/rfk-jr-snap-soda-health
  96. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_will_restricting_snap_benefits_stop_people_from_drinking_soda.mp3?size=3951431&d=246926&e=nx-s1-5349657&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  97. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349657
  98. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_will_restricting_snap_benefits_stop_people_from_drinking_soda.mp3?size=3951431&d=246926&e=nx-s1-5349657&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
  99. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5349657
 100. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 101. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 102. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 103. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5349514/misinformation-about-fentanyl-exposure-threatens-to-undermine-overdose-response
 104. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 105. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 106. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 107. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/03/g-s1-57888/hhs-fda-rfk-foia-public-records
 108. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5338953/trump-layoffs-education-department-special-education
 109. https://www.npr.org/sections/education/
 110. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5338953/trump-layoffs-education-department-special-education
 111. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/03/nx-s1-5338953/trump-layoffs-education-department-special-education
 112. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5277122/cj-dickey-bucknell-football-player-death-rhabdo-hazing
 113. https://www.npr.org/sections/national/
 114. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5277122/cj-dickey-bucknell-football-player-death-rhabdo-hazing
 115. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5277122/cj-dickey-bucknell-football-player-death-rhabdo-hazing
 116. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 117. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 118. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 119. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/02/g-s1-57688/alzheimers-blood-spinal-fluid-tests-memory-loss-brain-plaques
 120. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_predicting_cognitive_decline_in_alzheimer_s.mp3?size=3771290&d=235659&e=g-s1-57688&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 121. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57688
 122. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250331_atc_predicting_cognitive_decline_in_alzheimer_s.mp3?size=3771290&d=235659&e=g-s1-57688&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 123. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57688
 124. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5335626/supreme-court-south-carolina-medicaid-planned-parenthood
 125. https://www.npr.org/sections/law/
 126. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5335626/supreme-court-south-carolina-medicaid-planned-parenthood
 127. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/02/nx-s1-5335626/supreme-court-south-carolina-medicaid-planned-parenthood
 128. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250402_me_supreme_court_to_decide_if_states_can_strip_planned_parenthood_of_medicaid_funds.mp3?size=4762271&d=297609&e=nx-s1-5335626&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 129. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5335626
 130. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250402_me_supreme_court_to_decide_if_states_can_strip_planned_parenthood_of_medicaid_funds.mp3?size=4762271&d=297609&e=nx-s1-5335626&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 131. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5335626
 132. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 133. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 134. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 135. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57716/hhs-layoffs-seniors-disabled-liheap-acl
 136. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 137. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 138. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 139. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/04/01/g-s1-57485/hhs-fda-layoffs-doge-cdc-nih
 140. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_widespread_firings_start_at_federal_health_agencies_including_many_in_leadership.mp3?size=3880378&d=242483&e=g-s1-57485&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 141. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57485
 142. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250401_atc_widespread_firings_start_at_federal_health_agencies_including_many_in_leadership.mp3?size=3880378&d=242483&e=g-s1-57485&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 143. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57485
 144. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-57335/what-kind-of-support-is-the-u-s-offering-in-the-wake-of-the-myanmar-quake
 145. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
 146. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-57335/what-kind-of-support-is-the-u-s-offering-in-the-wake-of-the-myanmar-quake
 147. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-57335/what-kind-of-support-is-the-u-s-offering-in-the-wake-of-the-myanmar-quake
 148. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250401_me_china_and_other_countries_step_up_aid_efforts_following_deadly_myanmar_quake.mp3?size=2529116&d=158018&e=g-s1-57335&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 149. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57335
 150. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/04/20250401_me_china_and_other_countries_step_up_aid_efforts_following_deadly_myanmar_quake.mp3?size=2529116&d=158018&e=g-s1-57335&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 151. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-57335
 152. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-55999/recipes-soup-comfort-healing-remedy
 153. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
 154. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-55999/recipes-soup-comfort-healing-remedy
 155. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/04/01/g-s1-55999/recipes-soup-comfort-healing-remedy
 156. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_salt-less_jamaican_soup_a_transformational_experience.mp3?size=5494118&d=343349&e=g-s1-55999&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 157. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55999
 158. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/04/20250402_atc_salt-less_jamaican_soup_a_transformational_experience.mp3?size=5494118&d=343349&e=g-s1-55999&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 159. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-55999
 160. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5336314/caregiver-caregiving-identity-family-support-burnout
 161. https://www.npr.org/series/g-s1-31140/caregiver-stress-resilience
 162. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5336314/caregiver-caregiving-identity-family-support-burnout
 163. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5336314/caregiver-caregiving-identity-family-support-burnout
 164. https://www.npr.org/sections/planet-money/2025/04/01/g-s1-56914/crumbling-trust-in-american-institutions-a-maha-activist-takes-on-girl-scout-cookies
 165. https://www.npr.org/sections/money/
 166. https://www.npr.org/sections/planet-money/2025/04/01/g-s1-56914/crumbling-trust-in-american-institutions-a-maha-activist-takes-on-girl-scout-cookies
 167. https://www.npr.org/sections/planet-money/2025/04/01/g-s1-56914/crumbling-trust-in-american-institutions-a-maha-activist-takes-on-girl-scout-cookies
 168. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5345914/problem-gambling-addiction-treatment
 169. https://www.npr.org/series/1176326550/living-better
 170. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5345914/problem-gambling-addiction-treatment
 171. https://www.npr.org/2025/04/01/nx-s1-5345914/problem-gambling-addiction-treatment
 172. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250331_me_how_to_spot_when_sports_gambling_is_becoming_a_problem.mp3?size=3273919&d=204569&e=nx-s1-5345914&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 173. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5345914
 174. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/me/2025/03/20250331_me_how_to_spot_when_sports_gambling_is_becoming_a_problem.mp3?size=3273919&d=204569&e=nx-s1-5345914&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 175. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5345914
 176. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56594/childbirth-usaid-afghanistan
 177. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
 178. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56594/childbirth-usaid-afghanistan
 179. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56594/childbirth-usaid-afghanistan
 180. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250325_atc_usaid_afghanistan_impact.mp3?size=3749556&d=234295&e=g-s1-56594&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 181. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-56594
 182. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250325_atc_usaid_afghanistan_impact.mp3?size=3749556&d=234295&e=g-s1-56594&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 183. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/g-s1-56594
 184. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56094/africa-centers-disease-control-aid-freeze-jean-kaseya
 185. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
 186. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56094/africa-centers-disease-control-aid-freeze-jean-kaseya
 187. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/31/g-s1-56094/africa-centers-disease-control-aid-freeze-jean-kaseya
 188. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 189. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 190. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 191. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/31/nx-s1-5342873/how-much-will-that-surgery-cost-hospital-price-lists-remain-largely-unhelpful
 192. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/30/g-s1-51935/toxic-mines-zambia-polluted-lead-poisoning
 193. https://www.npr.org/sections/goatsandsoda/
 194. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/30/g-s1-51935/toxic-mines-zambia-polluted-lead-poisoning
 195. https://www.npr.org/sections/goats-and-soda/2025/03/30/g-s1-51935/toxic-mines-zambia-polluted-lead-poisoning
 196. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 197. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 198. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 199. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/30/nx-s1-5343997/measles-vaccine-hesitancy-enthusiasm-outbreaks
 200. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250328_atc_measles_sparks_vaccine_enthusiasm.mp3?size=3213315&d=200794&e=nx-s1-5343997&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 201. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343997
 202. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/atc/2025/03/20250328_atc_measles_sparks_vaccine_enthusiasm.mp3?size=3213315&d=200794&e=nx-s1-5343997&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 203. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5343997
 204. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 205. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 206. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 207. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/29/nx-s1-5342574/gambling-addiction-march-madness-sportsbook-betting
 208. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/03/20250322_wesat_experts_worry_about_a_lack_of_addiction_treatments_as_legalized_sports_betting_grows.mp3?size=3729912&d=233090&e=nx-s1-5342574&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 209. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342574
 210. https://ondemand.npr.org/anon.npr-mp3/npr/wesat/2025/03/20250322_wesat_experts_worry_about_a_lack_of_addiction_treatments_as_legalized_sports_betting_grows.mp3?size=3729912&d=233090&e=nx-s1-5342574&sc=siteplayer&aw_0_1st.playerid=siteplayer
 211. https://www.npr.org/transcripts/nx-s1-5342574
 212. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 213. https://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/
 214. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 215. https://www.npr.org/sections/shots-health-news/2025/03/28/nx-s1-5344010/fda-peter-marks-rfk-jr
 216. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/archive?start=placeholder
 217. https://www.npr.org/sections/health/archive
 218. https://www.npr.org/search
 219. https://www.npr.org/
 220. https://www.npr.org/sections/news/
 221. https://www.npr.org/sections/culture/
 222. https://www.npr.org/music/
 223. https://www.npr.org/podcasts-and-shows
 224. https://www.npr.org/newsletters/
 225. https://www.facebook.com/NPR/
 226. https://www.instagram.com/npr/
 227. https://www.npr.org/press/
 228. https://www.npr.org/sections/publiceditor/
 229. https://www.npr.org/corrections/
 230. https://help.npr.org/contact/s/
 231. https://www.npr.org/about/
 232. https://www.npr.org/diversity/
 233. https://www.npr.org/network/
 234. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/1136563345/accessibility
 235. https://www.npr.org/ethics/
 236. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/178660742/public-radio-finances
 237. https://www.npr.org/support/
 238. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
 239. https://www.npr.org/careers/
 240. https://shopnpr.org/
 241. https://www.nprpresents.org/
 242. https://www.npr.org/sections/npr-extra/
 243. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179876898/terms-of-use
 244. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy
 245. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/179878450/privacy-policy#yourchoices
 246. https://text.npr.org/
 247. https://www.npr.org/about-npr/186948703/corporate-sponsorship
